<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if (  array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator")
      )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">

  <head>

    <title>About The Westinghouse Sign</title>
    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="./favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="css/westinghouse_sign.css" />
  </head>

  <body>
    <h1>About The Westinghouse Sign</h1>
    <div>
      <p>
        <a href="http://www.westinghouse.com" title="Link to corporate web site">The
        Westinghouse Corporation</a> has used the &ldquo;Circle-W&rdquo; symbol, designed
        by the well-known graphic designer <a href="http://www.paul-rand.com/" title="Link
        to Paul Rand web site">Paul Rand</a>, as its corporate logo since 1960.
      </p>
      <p>
        For a number of years, there were animated versions of the logo on billboards. The
        one I was familiar with had three copies of the logo, and was located by the Long
        Island Expressway, at the exit for the Queensboro Bridge. Apparently, there was a
        9-logo sign in Pittsburgh for many years.  There is a <a
        href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Westinghouse_Sign" title="Link to
        Wikipedia">Wikipedia entry for the sign</a> for more information about it&mdash;it
        seems that I wasn&rsquo;t the only person who found the clever patterns programmed
        into the animation fun to watch.
      </p>
      <p>
        I originally assigned the animated Westinghouse Sign to a class in &ldquo;GUI
        Design&rdquo; in the spring of 1997. In December of 2004 I received an email
        request for information about the code for the sign. Java had changed between 1997
        and 2004, so the original code no longer compiled (and was a mess anyway). But I
        kept that message in my email inbox. In April 2009 I finally got around to
        re-visiting the project, and implemented the sign using JavaScript and the HTML
        <em>canvas</em> element. The canvas element is supported by virtually all browsers
        other than Internet Explorer, and is slated to be part of the HTML 5
        specification. Meanwhile, the sign works only if JavaScript is enabled and the
        user&rsquo;s browser is Chrome, Firefox, Opera, or Safari.
      </p>
      <p>
        The current animation is semi-random. My “next” project is to construct a visual
        editor so visitors can edit and save their own animations. Let&rsquo;s see, it
        took 12 years to get this far &hellip;
      </p>
      <p>
        At least I got that email message out of my inbox.
      </p>
    <ul id="nav-controls" class="controls">
    <li><a href="index.xhtml">Back to the sign &hellip;</a></li>
    <li><a href="http://babbage.cs.qc.cuny.edu">To My Home Page &hellip;</a></li>
    </ul>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>

