<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if (  array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator")
      )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>CS-343 Final Exam Topics</title>
    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="../../css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/style-print.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="all"
          href="../../css/assignments.css" />
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../scripts/core.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../scripts/round-corners.js"></script>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" /></head>

  <body id='urn:uuid:DC71EE5B-C661-40C0-B638-2EE1FF8305BE'>
    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-343 Final Exam Topics</h1>
    </div>
    <div id="content">
      <h2>Readings and Assignments</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          The exam will cover material from Chapters 2, 4, and 5 of the
          textbook. Assigments 5, 6, and 8 can serve as the study guides
          for the material from Chapters 4 and 5. So this page simply
          reminds you that we also covered material on the MIPS
          Instruction Set Architecture (ISA) from Chapter 2.  This
          material is actually implicit background material for
          Assignment 5, but here it is explicitly stated:
        </p>
        <h3>The MIPS Instruction Set Architecture</h3>
        <ul>
          <li>Memory organization</li>
          <li>Register File organization</li>
          <li>Instruction Formats: R, I, and J instruction fields and their roles</li>
          <li>Instruction algorithms. The "Green Card" will <strong>not</strong> be available.</li>
          <li>Verilog expression for Effective Address calculation</li>
          <li>Verilog expression for Branch Target Address calculation</li>
          <li>Verilog expression for Jump Address calculation</li>
        </ul>
        <h3>Exam Structure</h3>
        <p>
        	Expect the usual mix of multiple-choice, fill-ins, and diagrams. Expect some diagrams to
          be provided, but possibly only Figure 4.24 from the textbook (augmented with timing values
          as in Assignment 5). Other Figures I like from Chapter 4 include 4.51 and 4.60. Assignment 8
          mentions Figures 5.9 and 5.17. I like to use Photoshop to add or remove parts of Figures.
        </p>
        <p>
        	No electronic devices will be allowed, but you should expect to have to do calculations
          involving addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, powers of 2, and base-2 logarithms.
          If your
          calculations require more than a few decimal places, either you or I have made a mistake.
        </p>
        <p class="standout-block">
        	If a question provides enough information for you to calculate a numerical answer, then the
          numerical answer, with correct units, is required.
        </p>
        <p>
        	For example, if the question is, &ldquo;What is the period of a 1GHz clock?&rdquo; the correct answer
          is &ldquo;1 nanosecond,&rdquo; not &ldquo;the time between pulses&rdquo; or some other true but
          non-quantitative statement.
        </p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      <a  href="../../../">Vickery Home</a>&mdash;<a
          href="../syllabus.xhtml">CS-343 Syllabus</a>&mdash;<a
          href="./">Course Schedule</a>&mdash;<a
          href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>&mdash;<a
          href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a>&mdash;Last
          updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])); ?>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>

