<?php
//  $Id: index.xhtml,v 1.3 2010/02/02 03:45:42 vickery Exp vickery $
/*
 *  $Log: index.xhtml,v $
 *  Revision 1.3  2010/02/02 03:45:42  vickery
 *  Updated to reflect changeover to Windows 7. Hopefully, roaming profiles
 *  will work now!
 *
 *  Revision 1.2  2009/09/03 05:25:24  vickery
 *  Room 227 no longer in use; more computers; iMacs. Editorial changes.
 *
 *  Revision 1.1  2009/09/03 04:19:56  vickery
 *  Initial revision
 */
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if ( (array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml"))
       ||
       (array_key_exists("HTTP_USER_AGENT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator"))
     )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
          "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>

    <title>TREE Lab Information</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../../favicon.ico"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="../css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../css/style-print.css"
    />
    <style type="text/css" media="all">
      body {
        max-width: 700px;
        margin: auto;
        }
      h2+div {
        background-color: white;
        color: black;
        padding:1em;
        border: 1px solid green;
        -moz-border-radius: 5px;
        -webkit-border-radius: 5px;
        }
      h5 {margin-bottom:0;}
      h5+p {margin-top:0;}
    </style>

  </head>

  <body id='urn:uuid:E2B3AE83-F2EB-4B85-ADEE-4BD550FAA3DB'>

    <div id="header">
      <h1>TREE Lab Information</h1>
    </div>

    <div id="content">
      <h2>Introduction</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          The Computer Science Department maintains a set of computers known as the &ldquo;TREE
          Lab&rdquo; because all the computers are named for trees: apple, birch, cherry, chestnut,
          elm, fir, ginkgo, hemlock, hickory, juniper, maple, mimosa, peach, pine, plum, sequoia,
          spruce, sycamore, walnut, and willow). The TREE lab is used for courses that require
          special software not generally available on campus. At the present time, the lab is used
          for three courses taught by Dr. Vickery: Web Design (CS-081) and Script Programming
          (CS-090.3), which use the <span class="programName">Apache</span> web server and <span
          class="programName">Dreamweaver</span> web programming environment, as well as for
          Computer Architecture (CS-343), which uses the <span class="programName">Quartus II</span>
          logic design software from Altera Corporation.
        </p>
        <p>
          The computers are Apple iMacs running Windows 7 under &ldquo;bootcamp.&rdquo; Using them
          is much like using your ADS account at the college. However, accounts for students taking
          courses that use the TREE domain are totally separate from Queens College ADS accounts.
          Your TREE domain user name will definitely be different from your ADS account name, and
          your TREE password will be the same as your ADS password only if you choose to give the
          same passwords to both accounts. There is no direct way to share information between your
          two accounts.
        </p>
      </div>

      <h2>Accounts and Computers</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          The computers are all in SB room A-205, which is run as an open lab. The lab is open any
          time the Computer Science Department office is open, and you are free to use any computer
          any time the lab is open. You can also access the computers from outside the lab so that
          you can still work when the department is closed. If there is a problem with any of the
          computers in the lab, let Dr. Vickery or someone in the department office know about it.
        </p>
        <p>
          To use a computer, you need to log in using your User name and Password. The login dialog
          box shows a third field that says, &ldquo;Log on to:&rdquo;. Be sure that third field says
          &ldquo;TREE&rdquo; rather than the name of the computer. This is critical because the
          laboratory is set up so that you have one account that works on all the computers, and the
          work you do on any one of them will be available to you when you log into any other one.
          But this works only if you log into the &ldquo;TREE domain&rdquo; instead of logging into
          an individual computer.
        </p>
        <p>
          Your account name is the first two letters of your last
          name followed by the first two letters of your first name, followed by the last four digits
          of your CUNY student ID number. So, if your name is &ldquo;Perfect Student&rdquo; and your ID number is
          12345678, your account will be stpe5678. Your initial password is your 8-digit CUNY student ID number
          (12345678 for the example.) You can change your password
          any time you like, but be sure to keep it secure: lots of people &ldquo;out there&rdquo;
          would love to hijack your account.
        </p>
        <p class="standout-block">
          Remember: you are responsible for your account. If someone gains access to it and does something
          wrong, you are the one who will suffer the consequences.
        </p>
        <p>
          Since all of the computers are accessible from the Internet, you can use <span
          class="programName">Remote Desktop Connection</span> (RDC) to log in to your account on
          any of the computers from pretty much any other internet-connected computer. (You will
          need at least a DSL connection.) Here is how to find RDC on various computers:
        </p>

        <h5>Windows</h5>
        <p>
          From the <span class="menuItem">Start</span> button, go to <span
          class="menuItem">Programs</span>, to <span class="menuItem">Accessories</span>, to <span
          class="menuItem">Communications</span>, and you will find it.
        </p>
        <h5>Macintosh OS X</h5>
        <p>
          If you are using a Macintosh, OS X comes with a Remote Desktop program you can use in the
          same way as the Windows version. Under preferences, be sure to set a screen size and
          resolution to match your computer&rsquo;s screen. The default value is very low
          resolution, making it difficult to use. There are two different RDC clients avaiable from
          Microsoft, &ldquo;Version 2&rdquo; client at <a
          href="http://www.microsoft.com/mac/products/remote-desktop/default.mspx">
          http://www.microsoft.com/mac/products/remote-desktop/default.mspx</a> is presumably more
          secure than the Version 1 client, but both versions will work.
        </p>
        <h5>Linux</h5>
        <p>
          There an open source version of Remote Desktop at <a
          href="http://www.rdesktop.org">www.rdesktop.org</a> that might be useful if you are
          running Linux. But I have had no experience with it.
        </p>
        <p>
          When RDC asks you what computer you want to connect to, pick one of the names from the
          above list and add the domain name &ldquo;.cs.qc.cuny.edu&rdquo; to the computer name. For
          example, you would log into <span class="computerName">ginkgo</span> by entering <span
          class="computerName">ginkgo.cs.qc.cuny.edu</span>.
        </p>
        <p>
          Only one person can use a computer at a time, so if the computer you try is in use, just
          try another one until you find one that is available.
        </p>
        <div class="standoutBlock">
          Be sure you log off your computer when you leave it so that others will be able to use it.
          If you try to lock a computer so that other people cannot use it, your account will be
          terminated.
          <p class="standout-block">
            &ldquo;Disconnecting&rdquo; is not the same as logging off: be sure to log off, not just
            disconnect. Failure to do so means your work probably will not be saved to the server
            for future access.
          </p>
        </div>
        <p>
          You are free to use the computers in the lab for anything you like (within the limits
          imposed by the college, university, and the law!), <strong>but do not share your account with
          anyone else.</strong>
        </p>
        <p>
          If all the computers are in use when you are using one for anything other than your
          assignments in CS-081, CS-090.3, or CS-343, you must immediately give it up to anyone who
          needs it for their work in those courses.
        </p>
      </div>
      <h2>Managing Your Account</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          In addition to the computers listed above, there is a server computer for the lab named
          <span class="computerName">Oak</span>. You cannot log into that one directly, but it plays
          a crucial role in managing your account. Each account has its own &ldquo;profile,&rdquo;
          which consists of all the files and directories under <span
          class="directoryName">C:\Users\[youraccountname]\</span>.  The very first time you log
          into a TREE computer, this profile is set up on <span class="computerName">Oak</span>
          (this may take a few minutes), and is then copied to the particular computer you logged in
          to. When you log out of that computer, your profile is copied back to <span
          class="computerName">Oak</span>. You can then log into any TREE computer, and your profile
          will be copied from <span class="computerName">Oak</span> to that computer, eliminating
          any need for you to restrict your usage to any particular computer; they are all
          equivalent.
        </p>
        <p class="standoutblock">
          Be sure to log out of your account each time you finish any work so that your profile gets
          updated on <span class="computerName">Oak</span>. And never log into two computers at the
          same time: the work you save when you log out of the first one will get overwritten when
          you log out of the second one.
        </p>
        <p>
          In the past, the roaming profile feature was not as robust as it should be. If you save
          your work on one computer and cannot find it when you log into another one, let  Dr.
          Vickery know right away so we can see deal with the problem. We think the problems have
          been fixed, but here is information in case the problems we used to have show up again: A
          safety net, in addition to the normal precaution of backing all of your projects up onto a
          flash drive, is to copy your work to your <span class="directoryName">H:</span> drive;
          this is your &ldquo;home&rdquo; directory on Oak, which is separate from your roaming
          profile. It can only be accessed over the network, never locally the way your profile,
          once copied to the local <span class="directoryName">C:</span> drive is, so it can be
          slower to access. But it is always there, no matter what computer you log into. You can
          just drag your project from the local machine to your <span
          class="directoryName">H:</span> drive when you come to a stopping point, and then drag it
          back to the <span class="directoryName">C:</span> drive of another machine if your roaming
          profile doesn&rsquo;t work. You can get to it by double-clicking on &ldquo;My
          Computer&rdquo;.
        </p>
        <p>
          Although your H: drive can be useful for backing up your profile, it has significant
          limitations you need to be aware of:
        </p>
        <ol>
          <li>
            Your H: “drive” is actually a directory on the same disk that holds your profile on Oak,
            so if that disk crashes, both your profile and your H: drive will be lost. Always back your
            work up onto a USB drive or your own computer. (See <a href="#off-campus">Working From
            Off Campus</a> for information about that topic.)
          </li>
          <li>
            Both your H: drive and your profile are available only when you are actually logged into
            one of the computers in the lab. This is why you cannot host a permanent website on a
            lab computer: as soon as you log off, the web site disappears. For students in CS-081
            and CS-90.3 where this is an issue, there is a semi-permanent web site on each computer
            you can use. This is covered in the <a href="../cs081/using_dreamweaver.xhtml">Using
            Dreamweaver</a> web page.
          </li>
        </ol>
        <p>
          With my &ldquo;Adminstrator&rsquo;s&rdquo; account, I can access your profile on <span
          class="computerName">Oak</span>. That means that you never actually send your projects to
          me to submit them.  Instead, just send me a message telling me your project or assignment
          is ready, and I will get a copy from the server and check it out. In order for this system
          to work, you must use exactly the directory name specified in the assignment or project
          web page when you do the project. I will be using a script to get your work, and the
          script will fail if you did not use the correct directory name. For web projects it is
          critical that directory and file names have no spaces in them and that you do not change
          the upper/lower case forms of their names.
        </p>
      </div>
      <h2 id="off-campus">Working From Off-Campus</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          The best way to use the lab computers is to sit at the computers in A-205. RDC can make more efficient use of
          your time, except for the fact that your interactions with the system will be slower&mdash;sometimes painfully
          slow&mdash; compared to sitting at the actual computer.
        </p>
        <p>
          There is a separate <a href="using_scp.xhtml">Working From Off Campus</a> web page with suggestions for how
          you might do your assignments off campus and then transfer them to the lab for final testing and submission.
        </p>
      </div>
    </div>

    <div id="footer">
      Last updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME']));
      ?>.
      <a
        href="../../">Vickery Home</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
