<?php
  $html_attributes = '';
  if ( (array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml"))
       ||
       (array_key_exists("HTTP_USER_AGENT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator"))
     )
  {
    $html_attributes = 'xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en"';
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .date('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    echo "<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>\n";
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html <?php echo $html_attributes;?>>
  <head>
    <title>Working From Off Campus</title>
    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../cs081/favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="all"
            href="../css/style-all.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="screen"
            href="../css/style-screen.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="print"
            href="../css/style-print.css" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id="header">
      <h1>Working From Off Campus</h1>
    </div>
    <div id="content">
      <h2>Introduction</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
        <p>
          If you are not on campus and need to use the specialized software available on
          the TREE domain computers, your choices are either to use the Remote Desktop
          Connection (RDC) program to log into one of the computers in the lab or to get
          the software you need and to install it on your home computer and work from
          there.
        </p>
        <p>
          The problem with RDC is that although it is free (it is provided as part of both
          Windows and OS X; Linux users should investigate VNC for the same purpose), it can
          be slow to use because every pixel that
          changes on the screen has to be transmitted from the lab to your home computer.
          Even with a good Internet connection, it can be frustrating to use.
        </p>
        <p>
          Students in CS-343 using the Quartus software in the lab can download a free
          “Web Edition” copy of that software from the <a
          href="http://www.altera.com">Altera</a> web site. It’s a big download, and you
          have to register with them to get the free license for running the program, but
          for our purposes it is exactly the same as the software that runs in the lab.
        </p>
        <p>
          Students using Dreamweaver and Fireworks, however, do not have access to free
          versions of those programs to use at home. A good, free, programmer’s editor
          will let you edit your code just about as efficiently as you can when using
          Dreamweaver. There are several good alternatives to choose from. For Windows
          users, you might use <a
          href="http://notepad-plus.sourceforge.net/uk/site.htm">Notepad++</a> or <a
          href="http://www.vim.org">Vim</a>, both of which are also installed on the
          computers in the lab. <strong> Do not use the Notepad program that comes with
          Windows: it is not a programmer’s editor and is not suitable for writing
          code.</strong> Macintosh users might want to try either <a
          href="http://www.barebones.com/products/textwrangler/">TextWrangler</a> or Vim.
          Linux users probably already have a favorite programmer’s editor. If
          not, Vim is probably easier to use than emacs, both of which are normally
          included in all Linux distributions.
        </p>
        <p>
          An excellent alternative to Dreamweaver is <a
          href="http://www.aptana.com/">Aptana Studio</a>, which is available as either
          a standalone program or as a plugin for the popular Eclipse development
          environment.
        </p>
        <p>
          Aptana Studio may not have as many features as Dreamweaver, but the ones it does
          have are precisely the ones we need in our Web projects, including the ability
          to upload code to a remore site, making it an ideal tool for us. It is available
          for Windows, Macintosh, and Linux. Unfortunately, I have not written up any
          documentation on how to use it yet.
        </p>
        <p>
          Although we may use Fireworks or Photoshop for preparing images for the web, you may
          use any program you find that is capable of producing the effects we use in the
          course. I have found the free <a href="http://inkscape.org">Inkscape</a> program
          to be good once you figure out how to use it. ImageMagick and the GIMP are two
          other excellent no-cost tools to consider investigating for image processing.
        </p>
      </div>

      <h2>Transferring Files</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
        <p>
          The main issue this page deals with is how to get your projects transferred from
          your off-campus computer to the lab so I can check them. You <em>could</em> copy
          your work onto a USB drive, bring it to The College, and transfer it to your
          account using one of the computers in A-205. Alternatively, you can transfer the
          files to your account over the Internet. Here’s how.
        </p>
        <p>
          First, you need a free program that will let you log into your account from
          off-campus and transfer files to (or from) the lab server machine, <span
          class="computerName">Oak</span>. Aptana Studio can do the job, and is available
          for Windows, Macintosh, and Linux. But if you prefer a simpler set up, Windows
          users will find that <a href="http://winscp.net/eng/index.php">WinSCP</a> is
          very good; Macintosh users will find that <a
          href="http://rsug.itd.umich.edu/software/fugu/">Fugu</a> works very well. There
          are programs with a graphical user interface for Linux too, but I personally
          just use <span class="programName">scp</span> from the command line when working
          with Linux, so I can’t suggest a particular graphical program, other than
          Aptana Studio.
        </p>
        <p>
          Install your program, and tell it to connect to any computer in the lab (even
          one that someone else is using at the time is okay), giving the username and
          password for your account. You cannot log into <span
          class="computerName">Oak</span> directly, but using <span
          class="programName">WinSCP</span>, <span class="programName">Fugu</span>, or
          <span class="programName">scp</span>, logging into any computer in the lab
          will give you direct access to your “home directory,” which is
          actually located only on <span class="computerName">Oak</span>. You can copy
          files and folders between your off-campus computer and your home directory using
          drag and drop if you are using <span class="programName">WinSCP</span> or <span
          class="programName">Fugu</span>. See the <span class="programName">scp</span>
          “man page” for how to do it from Linux. <span
          class="codeSnippet">scp a_file.xhtml [youraccountname]@cherry.cs.qc.cuny.edu:htdocs</span>
          would copy a file named <span class="fileName">a_file.xhtml</span> from the
          current directory to the <code>htdocs</code> directory in your <span
          class="directoryName">H:</span> drive on <span class="computerName">Oak</span>,
          for example.
        </p>
        <p>
          <strong>[Starting Spring 2013, the following material is not important. Once
          you have copied your files to <code>H:\htdocs</code> you can test your web site
          using the Apache server running on Oak.]</strong>
          But you are not done yet. Now you have to copy (or move) your project from your
          home directory to your roaming profile. You cannot do this using <span
          class="programName">WinSCP</span>, <span class="programName">Fugu</span>, or
          <span class="programName">scp</span>; you have to be logged into one of the
          machines in the lab either by sitting at it or by using RDC. Log in, open
          Windows Explorer (I suggest clicking on the icon for the computer in the upper
          left corner of the screen), and you will find that you have an <span
          class="directoryName">H:</span> drive in addition to the usual <span
          class="directoryName">C:</span> drive. Open your <span
          class="codeSnippet">H:</span> drive, and you will find that it contains your
          home directory, the place where you copied your work in the previous step. Just
          drag your project into the proper directory (folder) under <span
          class="directoryName">My Documents</span>, and you are ready to do a final check
          of your project to make sure nothing went wrong in the transfer process.
        </p>
        <p class="standoutBlock">
          Remember, your work will not be copied to your roaming profile on <span
          class="computerName">Oak</span>, where I can access it, until you log out from
          the computer you are using. To be safe, you should log out of the first computer
          and log into another one to be sure the project got saved to your profile on
          <span class="computerName">Oak</span> successfully.
        </p>
      </div>

    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      <a href="../../">Vickery Home</a> — <a
         href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a> — <a
         href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer?profile=css3">CSS
       </a>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
