<?php
  if (array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
      stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">

  <head>

    <title>CS-343 Assignment 7</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="/favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="/courses/css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="/courses/css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="/courses/css/style-print.css"
    />        

  </head>

  <body>

    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-343 Assignment 7</h1>
    </div>

    <div id="content" class="whitebox">
      <h2>Assignment 7</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
        <ol>
          <li>Exercises 6.1, 6.2, 6.14.  (Note the typo in 6.14 part a: it
          should say, &ldquo;The PC has the value 100<span
          class="subscript">ten</span>, the address of the <span
          class="codeSnippet">sub</span> instruction.&rdquo;</li>
          
          <li>The following questions have to do with a disk drive that has
          the following parameters:
          
            <ul>
              <li>There are two platters, and both surfaces are used for
              data on both platters.</li>
              <li>There are 25,000 tracks per surface.</li>
              <li>There are 1,000 sectors on every cylinder (no cylinder
              zones).  Each sector contains 512 bytes of data.</li>
              <li>The disk rotation speed is 14,400 RPM.</li>
              <li>Moving the heads requires 1 msec of acceleration time, 1
              msec of deceleration time, and 0.5 msec for each track position
              moved.</li>
            </ul>
            <ol>
              <li>What is the total capacity of the drive?  Note that there
              are two ways to answer this: (<em>i</em>) use standard units
              of measure, where 1G is 10<span class="superscript">9</span>,
              which is the conventional way to measure disk capacities, and
              (<em>ii</em>) use binary units of measure where 1G is 2<span
              class="superscript">30</span>, which is the conventional way
              to measure memory capacities other than disks.  Answer both
              ways, and be sure to indicate which is which.</li>
              
              <li>What is the average seek time (head movement time)? 
              Assume the operating system optimizes accesses so that 10% of
              the accesses require no head movement, 10% require moving the
              heads one track position, 10% require moving the heads two
              track positions, 10% require moving the heads three track
              positions, and 10% require moving the heads four track
              positions.  Then, to simplify things, assume 25% require
              moving the heads ten track position and the remaining 25%
              requre moving the heads 100 track positions.</li>
              
              <li>What is the rotation time for this disk, in milliseconds,
              and what is the average rotational delay?  Assume there is no
              sector cache on the disk and that the operating system
              accesses sectors in a random order.</li>

              <li>What is the average access time for this disk given the
              above parameters?</li>

            </ol>
          </li>
        </ol>
      </div>
    </div>

    <div id="footer">
    <hr />
      <p class="links">
        <a href="/">Vickery Home</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;
        <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
        XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;
        <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">
        CSS</a>
      </p>
      <p><em>Last updated
        <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME']));
        ?>.</em>
      </p>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
