<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if (  array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator")
      )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">

  <head>

    <title>CS-081 Assignment 4</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="../../css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/style-print.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/assignments.css" />
  </head>

  <body>
    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-081 Assignment 4<br />Spring 2009</h1>
    </div>
    <div id="content">
      <h2>Introduction</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          This assignment builds on the previous one, so if you have not completed <a href="Assignment_03.xhtml">Assignmnent 3</a> yet,
          do so now even though it is too late to receive full credit for it.
        </p>
        <p>
          This is an exercise in working with text.
        </p>
      </div>
      <h2>Reference Material</h2>
      <div>
        <ul>
          <li>Chapter 2 of the textbook</li>
          <li>Appendix B of the textbook</li>
          <li><a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_XML_and_HTML_character_entity_references">Wikipedia Character Entity List</a></li>
          <li><a href="http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/sgml/entities.html">Character Entity References in HTML 4</a></li>
          <li><a href="http://lipsum.com/">Lorem Ipsum Generator</a></li>
          <li><a href="http://www.w3.org/TR/CSS21/text.html">CSS Chapter on Text</a></li>
          <li><a href="http://www.w3.org/TR/CSS21/fonts.html">CSS Chapter on Fonts</a></li>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <h2>The Assignment</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          A big part of working with CSS is figuring out which properties can be used with which elements on a page. For this assignment,
          you are to explore various text-related properties. But first, you need some text to apply those properties to. Set up your blog&rsquo;s
          index page so the <span class="tagName">body</span> looks like this:
        </p>
        <div class="code-block">
&lt;body&gt;
  &lt;h1&gt;(the blog page title)&lt;/h1&gt;
  &lt;h2&gt;(title of the first blog entry)&lt;/h2&gt;
  &lt;p&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;h2&gt;(title of the second blog entry)&lt;/h2&gt;
  &lt;p&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;h2&gt;(title of the third blog entry)&lt;/h2&gt;
  &lt;p&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;h2&gt;(title of the fourth blog entry)&lt;/h2&gt;
  &lt;p&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p&gt;
    (links to the home page and the two W3C Validators)
  &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/body&gt;
        </div>
        <ol>
        	<li>
          	<h5>Fill in the text for the headings and paragraphs.</h5>
            <p>
              Pick a general topic for your blog, and use your creativity for the wording of the blog page title (if you didn&rsquo;t already) 
              and for the titles of the individual blog entries. <strong>Requirement:</strong> Somewhere in text of the various headings you must
              use at least
              the following character entities: curly double quotes, apostrophe, and at least one other visible entity; check the list on
              <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_XML_and_HTML_character_entity_references">Wikipedia</a> for ideas. Grammar counts!
            </p>
            <p>
              The last paragraph holds the three links that should already be on the page from the previous assignment. (To the home page and to the
              two W3C Validators.)
            </p>
            <p>
              Now get some dummy Latin text to fill in those empty paragraphs. Go to the <a href="http://lipsum.com/">Lorem Ipsum Generator</a>
              website. There are 11 empty paragraphs in the code above, so change the number 5 to 11 in the input box under &ldquo;Where
              can I get some?&rdquo; heading, and click the &ldquo;Generate Lorem Ipsum&rdquo; button. The page that show up will give you 11
              paragraphs of dummy Latin text; copy and paste them into the 11 empty paragraphs of the blog index page. I know, it&rsquo;s tedious.
            </p>
            <p>
              Save your web page and check it in the browser to be sure there are no errors and that all the paragraphs are in place and separated
              from each other. Fix any errors before proceeding.
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
          	<h5>Use <span class="attributeName">class</span> and <span class="attributeName">id</span> attributes</h5>
            <p>
            	Make the <span class="attributeName">id</span> of the first <span class="tagName">h2</span> be &ldquo;latest-entry&rdquo;. 
            </p>
            <p>
            	Mark the first paragraph after each <span class="tagName">h2</span> with the <span class="attributeName">class</span> value, 
              &ldquo;lead-paragraph&rdquo;.
            </p>
            <p>
            	Mark the last paragraph (the one with the links in it) with the <span class="attributeName">id</span> of &ldquo;nav-links&rdquo;.
            </p>
            <p>
            	Check your web page using the browser. It should look the same as before; this is a check to make sure you didn&rsquo;t make
              any mistakes setting up the attributes.
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
          	<h5>Adjust the appearance of the page and all the text.</h5>
            <p>
            	Edit <span class="fileName">main.css</span>:
            </p>
            <ul>
            	<li>
              	Add a rule for both the <span class="tagName">html</span> and <span class="tagName">body</span> elements, and set the
              	background-color and color properties for the page to something easy to read other than black on white. (Make the colors
                different enough from each other to be easy to read, but watch out for too much contrast. For example, 
                <span style="background-color:red;color:blue;">pure blue text on
                a pure red background doesn&rsquo;t work very well.</span> Experiment.
              </li>
            	<li>Make the <span class="tagName">h1</span> centered on the page using the <span class="propertyName">text-align</span> property.</li>
              <li>Use the font named &ldquo;Trajan Pro&rdquo; for the second-level headings if it is available; otherwise use Verdana or
              some other sans-serif font.</li>
              <li>Use the font named &ldquo;Comic Sans MS&rdquo; for the text of all the paragraphs; use &ldquo;cursive&rdquo; as the fallback.</li>
              <li>Make the text in all the paragraphs belonging to the <span class="attributeValue">lead-paragraph</span> class italic.</li>
              <li>Apply a distinctive color and background color to the element with the <span class="attributeValue">latest-entry</span>.</li>
              <li>Center the text in the paragraph containing the navigation links.</li>
            </ul>
          </li>
        </ol>
      </div>
      <h2>Submit The Assignment</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
      	<p>
        	Be sure to check your blog page carefully using Firefox: there must be no errors or warnings, and all the CSS rules have to cause
          their intended effects. To double-check, you can submit your page to the W3C validators to make sure there are no warnings or errors
          that they can detect either.
        </p>
        <p>
        	Run a link check on your site before submitting the assignment; fix any errors. (Right click in the Files panel on the right,
          select <span class="menuItem">Check Links</span>, then select <span class="menuItem">Entire Local Site</span> (keyboard shortcut:
          Control-F8). Fix any broken links.
        </p>
        <p>
          Submit the assignment by midnight of the due date:
        </p>
        <ol>
            <li>
              To submit this assignment, simply send me an email message telling me that your web page is ready for me
              to look at: I will copy it from <span class="computerName">Oak</span> to <span
              class="computerName">Babbage</span>, and check it out there.
              <p>
                If your have trouble with the roaming profile feature of the lab, copy your <span class="directoryName">My&nbsp;Website</span> 
                directory to your <span class="directoryName">H:\</span> drive. Mention that in your email message, and I
                will copy your <span class="directoryName">My Website</span> directory to <span
                class="computerName">Babbage</span> from your home directory instead of from your profile directory on <span
                class="computerName">Oak</span>.
              </p>
            </li>
            <li class="standout-block">Be sure to put your name in the body of your email message!</li>
            <li>The Subject line must be <span class="code-snippet">CS-081 Assignment 4</span> to avoid my spam filters.</li>
            <li>
              Send your email to Christopher.Vickery<span class="at" title="Change to @">AT</span>qc.cuny.edu. (Fix up the 'AT' part.)
            </li>
        </ol>
        <p>
          See <a href="../../cs081/index.xhtml">the course home page</a> for grading and late homework policies.
        </p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      <a href="../../../">Vickery Home</a> &mdash; <a href="../../cs081">CS-081 Home</a> &mdash;
      <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a> &mdash;
      <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a> &mdash;
      Last updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])); ?>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>

