<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if (  array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator")
      )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">

  <head>

    <title>CS-081 Assignment 7</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="../../css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/style-print.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/assignments.css" />
    <link rel="alternate stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          title="A different style"
          href="css/assignment_07.css" />
	</head>
  <body>
    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-081 Assignment 7<br />Spring 2009</h1>
    </div>
    <div id="content">
      <h2>Introduction</h2>
      <div>
      	<p>
        	For this assignment, you are to create two stylesheets for your Blog, one which positions the navigation links
          vertically, and one which positions the links horizontally between the top heading and the blog entries list.
        </p>
      </div>
      <h2>Reference Material</h2>
      <div>
        <ul>
          <li>Chapter 5 of the textbook</li>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <h2>The Assignment</h2>
      <div>
      	<p>
        	Be sure you have completed <a href="Assignment_06.xhtml">Assignment 6</a> successfully before you start working on this one.
          It is too late to receive credit for Assignment 5, but you cannot receive credit for this assignment without completing that one first.
        </p>
        <ol>
        	<li>
          	<h5>Create two stylesheets for the blog page.</h5>
            <p>
            	Create two new files in your site&rsquo;s <span class="directory-name">css</span>. Name one <span class="file-name">fixed.css</span>,
              and the other one <span class="filename">absolute.css</span>.  Add these two links to the <span class="tag-name">head</span>
              element of your blog&rsquo;s index page: 
            </p>
            <p class="code-block">
    &lt;link rel="alternate stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          title="Vertical Menu"
          href="../css/fixed.css" /&gt;
    &lt;link rel="alternate stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          title="Horizontal Menu"
          href="../css/absolute.css" /&gt;
            </p>
            <p>
            	You need to put these links after the existing link to the stylesheet you have been using so far for the course. (Do not take that
              one out.) With these links in place, Firefox will let you activate one of these alternative stylesheets from the 
              <span class="menu-item">View</span> menu. This web page is set up with an alternate stylesheet that you can try now. If you open
              <span class="menu-item">View&mdash;&gt;Page Style</span>, you will see an item named <span class="menu-item">A different style</span>;
              click on it, and see the appearance of this page change. (Use <span class="menu-item">View&mdash;&gt;Page Style&mdash;&gt;Basic
              Page Style</span> to get back to the original version&mdash;or just reload the page.)
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
          	<h5>Implement the fixed position version</h5>
          	<p>
              Add rules to <span class="file-name">fixed.css</span> so that the navigation links occupy a fixed position relative to the
              viewport, on the left side, far enough down to be below the main heading. Add enough of a left margin to the blog list so
              that it does not overlap the navigation links. Use Photoshop to create two background images for the <span class="tag-name">a</span>
              elements in the navigation links list, one for the inactive state, and a different one for when the mouse is hovering over the link.
              Adjust the list&rsquo;s <span class="property-name">list-style-type</span> property for the list, the 
              <span class="property-name">display</span> property for the <span class="tag-name">a</span> elements, margins, and paddings as
              needed to create a visually coherent navigation list.
            </p>
            <p>
            	Test the blog page to be sure scrolling works as expected, that the links respond correctly when the mouse hovers over them,
              and that everything looks right.
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
          	<h5>Implement the absolutely positioned version</h5>
            <p>
            	Add rules to <span class="file-name">absolute.css</span> so the navigation list shows up as a horizontal &ldquo;menu bar&rdquo;
              between the top heading and the blog entry list. Unlike the fixed position version,
              this version of the menu should scroll off the screen if you scroll down the page. Use margins, paddings, borders, background
              images, colors, etc. to create the best-looking menu bar you can.
            </p>
            <p>
            	<strong>Optional: </strong>Add a navigation link to the blog page itself and to another page called 
              <span class="file-name">resume.xhtml</span>. Add a <span class="attribute-name">class</span> attribute with the value,
              <span class="attribute-value">current-page</span> to the link to the blog page, and use CSS to make that link look
              different.
            </p>
          </li>
        </ol>

      </div>
      <h2>Submit The Assignment</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
      	<p class="standout-block">
        	You must check your page using to the W3C validators: there must be no warnings or errors
          that either of them can detect.
        </p>
        <p>
        	Check your home page to make sure it is still legible and functional.
        </p>
        <p>
        	Run a link check on your site before submitting the assignment; fix any errors. (Right click in the Files panel on the right,
          select <span class="menuItem">Check Links</span>, then select <span class="menuItem">Entire Local Site</span> (keyboard shortcut:
          Control-F8). Fix any broken links.
        </p>
        <p>
          Submit the assignment by midnight of the due date:
        </p>
        <ol>
            <li>
              To submit this assignment, simply send me an email message telling me that your web page is ready for me
              to look at: I will copy it from <span class="computerName">Oak</span> to <span
              class="computerName">Babbage</span>, and check it out there.
            </li>
            <li class="standout-block">Be sure to put your name in the body of your email message!</li>
            <li>The Subject line must be <span class="code-snippet">CS-081 Assignment 7</span> to avoid my spam filters.</li>
            <li>
              Send your email to Christopher.Vickery<span class="at" title="Change to @">AT</span>qc.cuny.edu. (Fix up the 'AT' part.)
            </li>
        </ol>
        <p>
          See <a href="../../cs081/index.xhtml">the course home page</a> for grading and late homework policies.
        </p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      <a href="../../../">Vickery Home</a> &mdash; <a href="../../cs081">CS-081 Home</a> &mdash;
      <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a> &mdash;
      <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a> &mdash;
      Last updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])); ?>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>

