<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if (  array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator")
      )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">

  <head>

    <title>CS-081 Assignment 1</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="../../css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/style-print.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/assignments.css" />
  </head>

  <body>
    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-081 Assignment 1<br />Spring 2009</h1>
    </div>
    <div id="content">
      <h2>Introduction</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
        The laboratory facility for the course is not set up yet, so we will use this first part of the course to develop some understanding of
        how the Internet and the World Wide Web works, and to practice looking at web sites from a developer&rsquo;s perspective.
      </div>
      <h2>The Assignment</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
        Read the first five articles in the <a
        href="http://dev.opera.com/articles/view/1-introduction-to-the-web-standards-cur/" title="Link to Opera/Yahoo
        Web Standards Curriculum">Opera/Yahoo Web Standards Curriculum</a> (don&rsquo;t panic: each
        &ldquo;article&rdquo; is quite short), and answers the following questions:
      <ol>
        <li>
          In what year did the Internet as we know it first become operational?
        </li>
        <li>
          What is the relationship between the Internet and the World Wide Web?
        </li>
        <li>
          What code did Tim Berners-Lee first release to the public in 1993 while he was at CERN?
        </li>
        <li>
          What is the name of the organization that Tim Berners-Lee founded at MIT in 1994?
        </li>
        <li>
          Chapter 3 says, &ldquo;Every request/response starts by typing a Universal Resource Locator (URL) into the
          address bar of your web browser, &hellip;&rdquo; But there is another way to make a URL request besides typing
          it. What is it?
        </li>
        <li>
          What are the three principle components of a URL, and how are they specified in a URL string?
        </li>
        <li>
          What does DNS stand for, and what role does it play in making Internet requests?
        </li>
        <li>
          What is HTTP, and how does it relate to the World Wide Web?
        </li>
        <li>
          Define the following HTML terms: element, start tag, end tag, attribute, attribute name, attribute value, and element content.
        </li>
        <li>
          What are the three components of a static web page, and what language is used for each?
        </li>
        <li>
          Give the names of 4 different browsers.
        </li>
      </ol>
      </div>

      <h2>Submit The Assignment</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
        Submit the assignment by midnight of the due date:
        <ol>
            <li>Put your answers in the <em>body</em> of an email message, <strong>not</strong> in an attachment.</li>
            <li>Be sure to put your name in your email message!</li>
            <li>The Subject line must be <span class="code-snippet">CS-081 Assignment 1</span> to avoid my spam filters.</li>
            <li>
              Send your email to either Christopher.Vickery<span class="at" title="Change to @">AT</span>qc.cuny.edu or
              vickery<span class="at" title="Change to @">AT</span>babbage.cs.qc.cuny.edu &mdash; but not to both.
            </li>
        </ol>
        <p>
          See <a href="../../cs081/index.xhtml">the course home page</a> for grading and late homework policies.
        </p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      <a href="../../../">Vickery Home</a> &mdash; <a href="../../cs081">CS-081 Home</a> &mdash;
      <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a> &mdash;
      <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a> &mdash;
      Last updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])); ?>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>

