<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if (  array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator")
      )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">

  <head>

    <title>CS-081 Final Exam Topics</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="../../css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/style-print.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/assignments.css" />
  </head>

  <body>
    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-081 Final Exam Topics<br />Spring 2009</h1>
    </div>
    <div id="content">
      <h2>Introduction</h2>
      <div>
      	The final exam will not be cumulative in the sense of asking questions again that were asked on the midterm exam.
        But it will be cumulative in the sense that the topics covered later in the course build on the concepts and
        terminology developed earlier.
      </div>
      <h2>Reference Material</h2>
      <div>
      	<p>
        	In addition to the material in chapters 1, 2, 3, 5, and 6 that were tested on the midterm, the following chapters have been
          covered since then:
        </p>
        <ul>
          <li>Chapter 3 (Link states)</li>
          <li>Chapter 4 (Images and background images)</li>
          <li>Chapter 5 (Positioning and Floating)</li>
          <li>Chapter 7 (Client-side scripting)</li>
          <li>Chapter 8 (Tables)</li>
          <li>Chapter 9 (Forms)</li>
        </ul>
        <p>
        	In addition, the material from the web pages for Assignments 6, 7, and 8 as well as the tutorial pages,
          <a href="../using_photoshop.xhtml">Using Photoshop</a> and <a href="../preparing_images.xhtml">Preparing 
          Image Files for the Web</a> will be covered.
        </p>
        <p>
        	We also spent some time learning some of the basics of working with the server-side scripting language, PHP,
          and there is a mini-tutorial on that topic available now at: <a href="../using_php.xhtml">Using PHP</a>. You
          are not responsible for any material on that page that goes beyond what we covered in class, but it is available
          to give you something written to use for review.
        </p>
      </div>
      <h2>Exam Topics</h2>
      <div>
      	<p class="standout-block">
					<strong>Disclaimer</strong> This is not guaranteed to be a complete list. Indeed, it will probably be updated in the last day or
          two before the exam. But it&rsquo;s a start.
        </p>
        <ul>
        	<li>Relative, absolute, and fixed positioning: the <span class="property-name">position</span> property and its values.</li>
          <li>
          	The properties associated with positioning: <span class="property-name">top</span>,
          	<span class="property-name">left</span>, etc.
          </li>
          <li>
          	Link states, especially <span class="variable-name">a:hover</span>; changing link properties 
            (color, background-color, background-image) based on the link state
          </li>
          <li>
          	CSS selectors
          </li>
          <li>
          	Converting a list of anchors into a vertical or horizontal menu.
          </li>
          <li>
          	Floats
          </li>
          <li>
          	Removing bullets/numbers from list items
          </li>
          <li>
          	Different types of image files and their features.
          </li>
          <li>
          	Intrinsic dimensions of image files; aspect ratio
          </li>
          <li>
          	Lossy and loss-less compression
          </li>
          <li>
          	Color channels: don’t forget all the different ways to represent a color
            <ul>
            	<li><span class="property-value">#f00</span></li>
              <li><span class="property-value">#ff0000</span></li>
              <li><span class="property-value">red</span></li>
              <li><span class="property-value">rgb(100%, 0, 0)</span></li>
              <li><span class="property-value">rgb(255, 0, 0)</span></li>
            </ul>
          </li>
          <li>
          	Transparency: Alpha channel
          </li>
          <li>
          	The advantage of using transparency in a background image (because it lets any
            background color show through)
          </li>
          <li>
          	CSS box layers: containing element; background color; background image; content
          </li>
          <li>
          	Gradients: color stops and transparency stops
          </li>
          <li>
          	Uses of images: tiled background pictures, background gradients, and text replacement
          </li>
          <li>
          	Two required attributes of <span class="tag-name">img</span> elements: <span class="attribute-name">src</span> 
            and <span class="attribute-name">alt</span>
          </li>
          <li>
          	Photoshop layers and layer effects: drop shadows; glows.
          </li>
          <li>
          	Options used in Photoshop’s Save for Web &amp; Devices panel
          </li>
          <li>
          	Tags and attributes associated with forms:
            <ul>
            	<li><span class="tag-name">form</span></li>
              <li><span class="tag-name">fieldset</span></li>
              <li><span class="tag-name">input</span></li>
              <li><span class="tag-name">textarea</span></li>
              <li><span class="tag-name">select</span></li>
              <li><span class="attribute-name">method</span></li>
              <li><span class="attribute-name">action</span></li>
              <li><span class="attribute-name">for</span></li>
              <li><span class="attribute-name">name</span></li>
              <li><span class="attribute-name">value</span></li>
              <li><span class="attribute-name">type</span></li>
            </ul>
          </li>
          <li>
          	What happens when form data is submitted: how name/value pairs are encoded
          </li>
          <li>
          	How checkboxes and radio buttons work
          </li>
          <li>
          	PHP concepts: the &lt;?php &hellip; ?&gt; tag; variables; arrays; the <span class="keyword">echo</span> statement.
          </li>
          <li>
          	Tags associated with tables:
            <ul>
            	<li><span class="tag-name">table</span></li>
            	<li><span class="tag-name">tr</span></li>
            	<li><span class="tag-name">th</span></li>
            	<li><span class="tag-name">td</span></li>
            	<li><span class="tag-name">caption</span></li>
            </ul>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      <a href="../../../">Vickery Home</a> &mdash; <a href="../../cs081">CS-081 Home</a> &mdash;
      <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a> &mdash;
      <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a> &mdash;
      Last updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])); ?>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>

