<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if ( array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
       stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
       stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator") )
  {
    $content_type = "application/xhtml+xml";
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>");
  }
  else
  {
    $content_type = "text/html";
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
                      "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>CS-343 Assignment 1</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="<?php echo $content_type;?>; charset=UTF-8" />
    <link rel="shortcut-icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/assignments.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/assignments-print.css" media="print" />
  </head>
  <body id='urn:uuid:73982FF3-B278-42B2-A66C-620A3F61D22D'>

    <h1>CS-343 Assignment 1</h1>

    <div id="content">
      <h2>Reading</h2>
      <div>
        Read <a href="../Measurement.pdf">Measurement And Units Of Measure</a> (PDF) before
        answering the questions below.
      </div>

      <h2>Questions</h2>
      <div>
        <ol>
        	<li>
          	Round 5,280 to the nearest power of ten.
          </li>
          <li>
            Round 9 to the nearest power of ten.
          </li>
          <li>
            5,280 is ____ orders of magnitude larger than 9.
          </li>
          <li>
            How many orders of magnitude larger than a picosecond is a microsecond?
          </li>
          <li>
            Convert 25 nanoseconds to picoseconds.
          </li>
          <li>
            Convert 25 nanoseconds to microseconds.
          </li>
          <li>
            Convert 25 milliseconds to nanoseconds.
          </li>
          <li>
            What is the &ldquo;normal&rdquo; representation of 52,800 &micro;sec?
          </li>
          <li>
            On the average, how many yes/no questions would you have to ask someone if they were
            thinking of a number between 1 and 32?
          </li>
          <li>
            How many bits would you need to encode the digits 0 &hellip; 31?
          </li>
          <li>
            Make up two different binary codes to represent the letters A, B, C, and D. Use the same, minimal, number
            of bits per letter in both codes.
          </li>
          <li>
            Calculate the weighted average of the following values; show all work. Note that the sum of the Frequencies
            is 100, which can simplify the calculations.
            <table class='truth-table'>
              <tr><th>Value</th><th>Frequency</th></tr>
              <tr><td>70</td><td>10</td></tr>
              <tr><td>80</td><td>10</td></tr>
              <tr><td>90</td><td>80</td></tr>
            </table>
          </li>
          <li>
            At Queens College, grade point averages use the number of credits for each letter grade
            as the weights and the following table to relate letter grades to values:
            <table class='truth-table'>
              <tr><th>Grade</th><th>Value</th></tr>
              <tr><td>A+</td><td>4.0</td></tr>
              <tr><td>A</td><td>4.0</td></tr>
              <tr><td>A-</td><td>3.7</td></tr>
              <tr><td>B+</td><td>3.3</td></tr>
              <tr><td>B</td><td>3.0</td></tr>
              <tr><td>B-</td><td>2.7</td></tr>
              <tr><td>C+</td><td>2.3</td></tr>
              <tr><td>C</td><td>2.0</td></tr>
              <tr><td>C-</td><td>1.7</td></tr>
              <tr><td>D+</td><td>1.3</td></tr>
              <tr><td>D</td><td>1.0</td></tr>
              <tr><td>F</td><td>0.0</td></tr>
            </table>
            What is the GPA of a student who has received A- in 2 courses, B+ in 3 courses, and B in
            4 courses, if each course was 3 credits? Show all work.
          </li>
          <li>
            What would be the GPA of the student in the previous question if they failed a
            1-credit course in addition to receiving the grades listed in the question?
          </li>
          <li>
            Show the terms needed to calculate how many bits would be needed to record 5 sec of
            CD-quality music (stereo). That is, do not do the calculation, but show what numbers
            would be multiplied together to get the answer.
          </li>
          <li>
          	List the values of the first eleven powers of two.
          </li>
          <li>
            How many bits in 128 KB? Show all work.
          </li>
          <li>
            A disk spins at 15,000 RPM. How long does it take to make one revolution? Answer in
            seconds, using the correct unit of measure to give a &ldquo;normal&rdquo; value with the
            integer part between 1 and 999.
          </li>
          <li>
            How long would it take to transfer a 200 MB program from disk to main memory if the
            initial latency is 6 msec and the bandwidth of the channel between the disk and main
            memory is 500 Mbps? Show all work.
          </li>
          <li>
            How long would it take to execute one million instructions if the average number of
            clock cycles per instruction is 2.5 and the clock speed is 2 GHz? Show all work.
          </li>
          <li>
            &ldquo;Computer A is twice as fast as computer B.&rdquo; What does that mean in terms of
            how long it takes the two computers to execute a program?
          </li>
          <li>
            Computer A takes 10 seconds to compute a program, and Computer B takes 5 seconds to compute
            the same program. Which computer is faster, and by how much? Answer by filling in the blanks
            in both of the following statements:
            <ul>
            	<li>
              	Computer ____ is ____ times faster than computer ____ .
              </li>
              <li>
              	Computer ____ is ____ % faster than computer ____ .
              </li>
            </ul>
          </li>
        </ol>
      </div>

      <h2>Submit</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          Type your name and your answers into the body of an email message (<strong>no
          attachments!</strong>), and send it to me: vickery<span class="at" title="Change to
          @">at</span>babbage.cs.qc.cuny.edu by midnight of the due date.
        </p>
        <p class="standout-block">
          The Subject line of your email message must be: “CS-343 Assignment 1.”
        </p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      <a href="../syllabus.xhtml">Syllabus</a>
      <a href=".">Schedule</a>
      <em>Page last updated <?php echo date('Y-m-d', filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])); ?></em>
      <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>
      <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer?profile=css3">CSS</a>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
