<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if (  array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator")
      )
  {
    $mime_type = "application/xhtml+xml";
    header("Content-type: $mime_type");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    $mime_type = "text/html";
    header("Content-type: $mime_type; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">

  <head>
    <title>CS-343 Assignment 9</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="all"
          href="../../css/assignments.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="print"
          href="../../css/assignments-print.css" />
    <style type="text/css">
      pre { border: 1px solid green; padding:0.5em;}
    </style>
  </head>

  <body id='urn:uuid:3D09096B-0469-4C96-BD66-145A41A7B380'>
     <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-343 Assignment 9</h1>
    </div>
    <div id="content">
      <h2>Introduction</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          This assignment is based on the second part of Chapter 4 of the textbook: pipelining.
        </p>
      </div>
      <h2>The Assignment</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          Write out the answers to the following questions:
        </p>
        <ol>
          <li>
            If a single-cycle processor design has a clock frequency of <em>F</em>, what would be the optimal
            speedup if the design is converted to a pipelined design with <em>n</em> stages?
          </li>
          <li>
            Define <em>instruction latency</em> and <em>instruction throughput.</em> Read the next two questions before
            answering this one.
          </li>
          <li>
            What is the relationship between latency and throughput for a single-cycle processor design?
          </li>
          <li>
            What is the relationship between latency and throughput for a pipelined processor?
          </li>
          <li>
            What is a <em>perfectly balanced</em> pipeline?
          </li>
          <li>
            A ten-stage pipeline has the following maximum propagation delays in each stage (in psec): 50, 55,
            45, 57, 49, 54, 48, 47, 2, and 2000. What would be the maximum clock speed at which this processor could
            operate?
          </li>
          <li>
            For the previous question: what would be the <em>instruction latency</em> of the processor? Be sure to indicate
            both the numerical value and the proper unit of measure.
          </li>
          <li>
            For the above pipeline, what would be the <em>instruction throughput</em> of the processor, assuming there
            are no hazards?
          </li>
          <li>
            If it was your job to improve the design of the above pipeline design, what would you try to do?
          </li>
          <li>
            Define <em>structural,</em> <em>control,</em> and <em>data</em> hazards. Read the next question before
            answering this one.
          </li>
          <li>
            Give an example of each of the three types of hazards listed above.
          </li>
          <li>
            For each of the following terms, tell which of the three typess of hazard it is designed to deal with, and
            tell briefly how it does so.
            <ul>
              <li>delayed branch</li>
              <li>delayed load</li>
              <li>register forwarding</li>
              <li>branch prediction</li>
            </ul>
          </li>
          <li>
            For each of the four pipeline registers in Figure 4.51 on page 362, note that there is a certain number of
            arrows going into each one: 2 into IF/ID; 9 into ID/Ex; 7 into EX/MEM; and 4 into MEM/WB. For each register:
            <ul>
              <li>Tell the name of the register</li>
              <li>Tell how many bits each arrow going into the register represents, in order from top to bottom.</li>
              <li>
                Tell what information is represented by each arrow going into the register.
              </li>
            </ul>
            <p>
              For example, the answer for the first register would be:
            </p>
            <pre>
<strong>IF/ID:</strong>
  32 bits; PC + 4
  32 bits; An instruction to be executed
            </pre>
          </li>
        </ol>
      </div>
    </div>
    <h2>Submit The Assignment</h2>
    <div>
    	Submit the assignment either on paper in class or by email by midnight of the due date. If you submit it by email,
      the Subject: line must be <span class="code-snippet">CS-343 Assignment 9</span>.
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      <a  href="../../../">Vickery Home</a>&mdash;<a
          href="../syllabus.xhtml">CS-343 Syllabus</a>&mdash;<a
          href="./">Course Schedule</a>&mdash;<a
          href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>&mdash;<a
          href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a>&mdash;Last
          updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])); ?>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>

