<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if (  array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator")
      )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head><title>Vickery&rsquo;s Books</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="all"
          href="css/style-all.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="screen"
          href="css/style-screen.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="print"
          href="css/style-print.css" />
    <style type="text/css">
      .underline { text-decoration: underline; }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id="header">
      <h1>Vickery&rsquo;s Books</h1>
    </div>
    
    <div id="content">
      <h2>UNIX Shell Programmer&rsquo;s Interactive Workbook</h2>
    <div class="whitebox">
      
        <p><i>UNIX Shell Programmer&rsquo;s Interactive Workbook</i> was a
        workbook for people who want to learn <i>KornShell</i> programming.
        It is part of a series of workbooks published by Prentice Hall that
        are all structured similarly:  Each chapter consists of one or more
        labs, each lab consists of a set of exercises, and each exercise is
        structured as a series of questions.  Most of the expository
        material is embedded in the answers to the exercises.  The idea is
        for the reader to learn the material by doing the exercises as they
        go through the book.  It&rsquo;s not my idea of good pedagogy, but the
        folks at Prentice Hall seem to have had success with the format, and
        they have continued to publish more books in the series.  There is a
        companion web site at <a
        href="http://www.phptr.com/phptrinteractive">http://www.phptr.com/phptrinteractive</a>
        that includes answers to the end-of-chapter problems and additional
        instructional material.</p>
      
        <p>On an historical note, there was a really stupid typographical
        error in the Preface of book that listed this web site&rsquo;s URL as
        <i>ba<span class="underline">gg</span>age.cs.qc.edu</i> instead of
        <i>ba<span class="underline">bb</span>age.cs.qc.edu</i>.  We had to
        dummy up a DNS alias for a while so that anyone going to "baggage"
        would get to "babbage." If you are trying to use the book, tried the
        link given in the book, and finally found this site only by dint of
        a Google search, you have my apologies.</p>
      
        <p><a href="USPIW/errata.html">Click here</a> for the current list of known
        errors in the book. Please send me any addional ones that you find
        <a href="mailto:vickery@babbage.cs.qc.edu.spam?SUBJECT=USPIW%20Errata">using
        this link</a>. (Omit ".spam" from the address.)</p>

    </div>
      
      <h2>Real-Time and Systems Programming for PCs</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
      
        <p><i>Real-Time and Systems Programming for PCs</i> was a book on the
        iRMX operating system. There is a <a
        href="http://babbage.cs.qc.edu/rmxbook/errata.html">Web page with a
        list of typographical errors</a>. I still have the source code files
        for the examples in the book; send me email if you need them.</p>
      
      </div>
  
    </div>
  
    <div id="footer">
    <hr />
    <p>
      <a href="./">Vickery Home</a>
      <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>&nbsp;-
      <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a>
    </p>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
