<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if ( array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
       stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
       stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator") )
  {
    $mime_type = "application/xhtml+xml";
    header("Content-type: $mime_type");
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>");
  }
  else
  {
    $mime_type = "text/html";
    header("Content-type: $mime_type; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
                      "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>CS-90.3 Assignment 2</title>
    <link rel="shortcut-icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/assignments.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/assignments-print.css" media="print" />
  </head>
  <body id='urn:uuid:34497152-6D65-4BF3-A23E-AD6CDDEFDB44'>

    <h1>CS-90.3 Assignment 2</h1>

    <div id="content">
      <h2>Reading</h2>
      <div>
        We are still working on material from Chapters 1 and 2 of the Simply JavaScript book, but have also started on
        the material in Chapter 3. We haven’t covered Objects, the last topic in Chapter 2 yet in class, but will be
        doing so next. We also haven’t covered conditions (if statements) and loops (for/while statements) yet; learn as
        much as you can about them from the text, because we will not spend a lot of class time on them despite their
        being critical parts of JavaScript.
      </div>

      <h2>The Assignment</h2>
      <div>
        <h3>Introduction</h3>
        <p>
          This is an exercise in working with various elements of the JavaScript language: literal values, variables,
          expressions, functions, and arrays. The emphasis of this assignment is on identifying <em>types</em> of
          information.
        </p>
        <p>
          There are three parts to the assignment, just two of which are “deliverables” to be submitted for grading:
        </p>
        <ol>
          <li>
            Write a JavaScript program to generate the answers to a sequence of questions
            (<em>deliverable</em>)
          </li>
          <li>
            Use the <span class="program-name">Firebug</span> console to view the output from your program
            (<em>not deliverable</em>).
          </li>
          <li>
            Write out the answers to the questions for which your program generated the answers
            (<em>deliverable</em>).
          </li>
        </ol>
        <h3>Changes To Your Web Site</h3>
        <p>
          The only change to make to your <span class="file-name">index.xhtml</span> file from Assignment 1 is to change
          the link to <span class="file-name">assignment_01.js</span> into a link to another file named <span
          class="file-name">assignment_02.js</span>.
        </p>
        <p>
          Create the file <span class="file-name">assignment_02.js</span> in your <span
          class="directory-name">scripts</span> directory, and add a sequence of statements to it that will generate the
          answers to the following list of questions.
        </p>
        <p class="standout-block">Be sure the outputs from the program
          include the question numbers, as shown in the sample answers to the first two questions.
        </p>
        <h3>The Questions</h3>
        <p>
          I have provided you with the answer to the first two questions to provide models for doing the
          assignment.
        </p>
        <ol>
          <li>
            <h4>What type of information is <span class="code-snippet">3</span>?</h4>
            <p>The code you write might look like this:</p>
            <div class="code-block">
console.log("1. 3 is a " + typeof 3 + ".");
            </div>
            <p>
              The program output should be <span class="code-snippet">1. 3 is a number.</span>&mdash;which would be
              the answer you type into your email for the first question.
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <h4>Assign the value <span class="code-snippet">"3"</span> to a variable named
            <span class="variable-name">xanadu</span>, and tell what type of information the variable holds.</h4>
            <div class="code-block">
var xanadu = "3";
console.log("2. xanadu is a " + typeof xanadu + ".");
            </div>
            <p>
              The program output should be “<span class="code-snippet">2. xanadu is a string.</span>”&mdash;which
              would be the answer you type for the second question.
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <h4>
              Assign the value <span class="code-snippet">"3" + 3</span> to the same variable,
              <span class="variable-name">xanadu</span>, and tell what type of information the variable holds now.
            </h4>
          </li>
          <li>
            <h4>
              Assign the value <span class="code-snippet">"3" - 3</span> to <span class="variable-name">xanadu</span>,
              and tell what type of information the variable holds now.
            </h4>
          </li>
          <li><h4>Explain the difference between the effects of the + and - operators in the previous
          two questions.</h4> There is no JavaScript code to write for this question.</li>
          <li>
            <h4>
              Assign the value <span class="code-snippet">3 - xanadu</span> to <span class="variable-name">xanadu</span>,
              and tell both the new value of <span class="variable-name">xanadu</span> and its type.
            </h4>
          </li>
          <li>
            <h4>
              Assign the value <span class="code-snippet">3 - "xanadu"</span> to <span class="variable-name">xanadu</span>,
              and tell both the new value of <span class="variable-name">xanadu</span> and its type.
            </h4>
          </li>
          <li><h4>Explain the difference between the previous
          two questions.</h4> There is no JavaScript code to write for this question.</li>
          <li>
            <h4>
              Assign the value <span class="code-snippet">[ ]</span> to a variable named
              <span class="code-snippet">Nan</span>. What are the values and types of the variables,
              <span class="code-snippet">NaN</span>, <span class="code-snippet">"NaN"</span>, and
              <span class="code-snippet">Nan</span>?
            </h4>Explain your answers.
          </li>
          <li>
            <h4>What is the type of <span class="code-snippet">Nan</span>?</h4>
            <em>Hint: the answer is not what you probably expected.</em>
          </li>
          <li>
            <h4>
              What value could you assign to <span class="code-snippet">Nan[0]</span> so its type would
              be <span class="code-snippet">"number"</span>?
            </h4>
          </li>
          <li>
            <h4>
              What are the value and type of <span class="code-snippet">1.23E2</span>?
            </h4>
          </li>
          <li>
            <h4>Assign the value <span class="code-snippet">function(){}</span> to
              <span class="code-snippet">Nan[3]</span>; tell the type of this value; tell the value of
              <span class="code-snippet">Nan.length</span>.
            </h4>
          </li>
          <li>
            <h4>What is the type of the value, <span class="code-snippet">{ }</span>?</h4>
          </li>
        </ol>
      </div>

      <h2>Submit</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          When you have tested your code and determined the answers to the questions, type your answers into the
          <strong>body</strong> (not an attachment) of an email message, and send it to me.  I’ll copy your entire web
          site to my computer (babbage) and check out your code and will check your email to be sure you answered the
          questions correctly.
        </p>
        <p>
          Send your email message to me at: vickery<span class="at" title="Change to @">at</span>babbage.cs.qc.cuny.edu
          by midnight of the due date.
        </p>
        <p class="standout-block">
          The Subject line of your email message must be: “CS-90.3 Assignment 2.”
        </p>
        <p>
          Don’t forget to put your name in your email message!
        </p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      <a href="../syllabus.xhtml">Syllabus</a>
      <a href="./">Schedule</a>
      <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>
      <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer?profile=css3">CSS</a>
      <em>Page last updated <?php echo date('Y-m-d', filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])); ?></em>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
