<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if ( array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
       stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
       stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator") )
  {
    $mime_type = "application/xhtml+xml";
    header("Content-type: $mime_type");
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>");
  }
  else
  {
    $mime_type = "text/html";
    header("Content-type: $mime_type; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
                      "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>CS-90.3 Assignment 3</title>
    <link rel="shortcut-icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/assignments.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/assignments-print.css" media="print" />
  </head>
  <body id='urn:uuid:1530E40D-0151-4E23-B17C-771B171B447A'>

    <h1>CS-90.3 Assignment 3</h1>

    <div id="content">
      <h2>Reading</h2>
      <div>
        Read Chapter 3. Review any material you do not understand fully from Chapters 1-2.
      </div>

      <h2>The Assignment</h2>
      <div>
        <h3>Introduction</h3>
        <p>
          This assignment is an exercise in working with objects. The assignment is to prepare a script
          file that creates and displays the properties of various objects.
        </p>
        <p>
          Replace all links to scripts in your <span class="file-name">index.xhtml</span> page with a new link
          to a single script file named scripts/assignment_03.js. Create that file, and edit statements into it
          as you work through the assignment steps.
        </p>
        <p>
          I’m reluctant to give the following advice because, in general, it is better to pay attention to
          warning messages rather than to ignore them. But in preparing this assignment I got really tired of all
          the blue warning messages that were coming out on the Firebug console. Clicking on the dropdown menu of
          the Console tab and un-checking the “Show JavaScript Warnings” option really helped.
        </p>
        <h3>Assignment Steps</h3>
        <ol>
          <li>
            <h5>Create an empty object named <span class="variable-name">cs903</span> in the global object.</h5>
            <p>
              First, prove that the variable named <span class="tag-name">cs903</span> is undefined by using console.log
              statments to print the type of both <span class="variable-name">cs903</span> and <span
              class="variable-name">window.cs903</span>. (We will explore the <span class="variable-name">window</span>
              object below.) </p>
            <p>
              Then <em>without using the <span class="keyword">var</span> keyword</em>, assign the value <span
              class="code-snippet">{ }</span> to variable named <span class="variable-name">cs903</span>.
            </p>
            <p>
              To improve the clarity of this assignment’s output, display a copy of each assignment statement just
              before executing it.  That is, the first four lines of your script file should be:
            </p>
            <div class="code-block">
  console.log("The type of cs903 is '" + typeof cs903 + "'.");
  console.log("The type of window.cs903 is '" + typeof window.cs903 + "'.");
  console.log("cs903 = { };");
  cs903 = { };
            </div>
            <p>
              Now repeat the first two <span class="function-name">console.log()</span> statements to display the type
              of <span class="variable-name">cs903</span> and <span class="variable-name">window.cs903</span> again.
            </p>
            <p>
              Verify that before the assignment statement, both <span class="variable-name">cs903</span> and
              <span class="variable-name">window.cs903</span> are undefined, but after the assignment they are both
              objects.
            </p>
            <p>
              Write out the answers to the following questions in the email you submit for this assignment:
            </p>
            <ol>
              <li>
                What is the type of a variable before it is assigned a value?
              </li>
              <li>
                Is it necessary to use the <span class="keyword">var</span> keyword to define a variable?
              </li>
              <li>
                If you don’t use the <span class="keyword">var</span> keyword to define a variable, where is that
                variable created?
              </li>
              <li>
                What is the type of the variable named <span class="variable-name">window</span>?
              </li>
              <li>
                Why is <span class="variable-name">window</span> called the “global object”?
              </li>
            </ol>
          </li>
          <li>
            <h5>Turn the <span class="variable-name">cs903</span> variable into a function and execute it.</h5>
            <p>
              Add code to <span class="file-name">assignment_03.js</span> to assign the value
              <span class="code-snippet">function(){ console.log("This is window.cs903"); }</span> to the global
              variable <span class="variable-name">cs903</span>. Add <span class="function-name">console.log()</span>
              statements to document the assignment statement and to show the new type of
              <span class="variable-name">window.cs903</span>.
            </p>
            <p>
              Add statements to execute your new function:
            </p>
            <div class="code-block">
cs903();
window.cs903();
            </div>
            <p>
              You should see the message, “This is window.cs903” displayed twice.
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <h5>Repeat the previous step for another function, named <span class="function-name">onload()</span></h5>
            <p>
              This really is the same as the previous steps, except you can skip the part about assigning an object to
              the property you will use here, the <span class="variable-name">window.onload</span> property.
              Display the type of
              <span class="variable-name">onload</span> and <span class="variable-name">window.onload</span>,
              then assign a function to it that displays the message,
              “This is window.onload” (instead of “This is window.cs903”), when the function executes.
            </p>
            <p>
              Run your code, and write out answers to the following questions:
            </p>
            <ol>
              <li>
                What was the type of the <span class="variable-name">window.onload</span> property before you assigned a
                value to it?
              </li>
              <li>
                Anything different from using <span class="variable-name">cs903</span> yet?
              </li>
              <li>
                What was the type of the <span class="variable-name">window.onload</span> property after you assigned the
                function to it?
              </li>
              <li>
                Anything different from using <span class="variable-name">cs903</span> yet?
              </li>
              <li>
                How many times did the “This is window.onload” message appear?
              </li>
              <li>
                What is different from using <span class="variable-name">cs903</span>?
              </li>
              <li>
                Explain the difference.
              </li>
            </ol>
          </li>
        </ol>
      </div>

      <h2>Submit</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          When you have tested your code and determined the answers to the questions, type your answers into the
          <strong>body</strong> (not an attachment) of an email message, and send it to me.  I’ll copy your entire web
          site to my computer (babbage) and check out your code and will check your email to be sure you answered the
          questions correctly.
        </p>
        <p>
          Send your email message to me at: vickery<span class="at" title="Change to @">at</span>babbage.cs.qc.cuny.edu
          by midnight of the due date.
        </p>
        <p class="standout-block">
          The Subject line of your email message must be: “CS-90.3 Assignment 3.”
        </p>
        <p>
          Don’t forget to put your name in your email message!
        </p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      <a href="../syllabus.xhtml">Syllabus</a>
      <a href="./">Schedule</a>
      <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>
      <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer?profile=css3">CSS</a>
      <em>Page last updated <?php echo date('Y-m-d', filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])); ?></em>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
