<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if ( array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
       stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
       stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator") )
  {
    $mime_type = "application/xhtml+xml";
    header("Content-type: $mime_type");
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>");
  }
  else
  {
    $mime_type = "text/html";
    header("Content-type: $mime_type; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
                      "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>CS-90.3 Assignment 8</title>
    <link rel="shortcut-icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/assignments.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/assignments-print.css" media="print" />
  </head>
  <body id='urn:uuid:B743D004-C9E5-48AC-AF49-B2C5A91797B4'>

    <h1>CS-90.3 Assignment 8</h1>

    <div id="content">
      <h2>Requirement</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
        	Add functionality to Assignment 7 so that the response to submitting the form says,
          “Thank-you, _____, for submitting the form. Your password is _____.” Where the two blanks
          are filled in with the values the user typed into the text and password inputs of the form, respectively.
        </p>
      </div>
      <h2>The Assignment</h2>
      <div>
        <ol>
          <li>
          	<h5>Prepare the form.</h5>
             <p>
               If you did not do so in Assignment 7, you need to add a <span class="attribute-name">name</span>
               attribute to the two <span class="tag-name">input</span> elements in the form. The value of the
               text input should be “user” or “username” or “email”&mdash; you can pick any name you like, so long
               as it is plausably meaningful. Likewise, use the value “passwd” or something similar for the password
               input.
             </p>
           </li>
           <li>
           	<h5>Add PHP code to <span class="file-name">process_form.php</span> to implement the assignment.</h5>
            <p>
            	You do not have to do any error checking the way I did in class on April 29; just display the required
              text as the content of the <span class="tag-name">h1</span> element of the page.
            </p>
            <p>
            	You have to decide how you want to implement the requirement: string interpolation or string concatenation.
              Be sure you know how to use both techniques, because they will be covered on the final exam.
            </p>
            <p>
            	Look carefully at the URL to see how the form data is being passed to 
              <span class="file-name">process_form.php</span>. That’s another final exam topic.
            </p>
          </li>
        </ol>
      </div>

      <h2>Submit</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          When you are sure your program does everything correctly, and that there are no errors are warnings from the
          XHTML and CSS validators, nor from Firebug,
          just send me an email message, and I’ll check it out in the usual way.
        </p>
        <p>
          Send your email message to me at: vickery<span class="at" title="Change to @">at</span>babbage.cs.qc.cuny.edu
          by midnight of the due date.
        </p>
        <p class="standout-block">
          The Subject line of your email message must be: “CS-90.3 Assignment 8.”
        </p>
        <p>
          Don’t forget to put your name in your email message!
        </p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      <a href="../syllabus.xhtml">Syllabus</a>
      <a href="./">Schedule</a>
      <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>
      <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer?profile=css3">CSS</a>
      <em>Page last updated <?php echo date('Y-m-d', filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])); ?></em>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>

