<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if ( array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
       stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
       stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator") )
  {
    $mime_type = "application/xhtml+xml";
    header("Content-type: $mime_type");
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>");
  }
  else
  {
    $mime_type = "text/html";
    header("Content-type: $mime_type; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
                      "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="<?php echo $mime_type;?>; charset=UTF-8" />
    <title>CS-90.3 Assignment 1</title>
    <link rel="shortcut-icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/assignments.css" />
  </head>
  <body id='urn:uuid:E88CCA66-D1AD-4D26-9D2D-B4A6BE9F53C3'>

    <h1>CS-90.3 Assignment 1</h1>

    <div id="content">
      <h2>Reading</h2>
      <div>
      	Start reading the &ldquo;Simply JavaScript&rdquo; text. Read all of chapters 1 and 2. We will be covering
        this material in class (statements, variables, and data types) in class, but it is important to read it in
        the book first.
      </div>
      
      <h2>The Assignment</h2>
      <div>
      	<p>
        	Your assignment is to log into your account in the course’s laboratory as demonstrated in class.
          See the <a href="../../TREE_Lab/index.xhtml">TREE Lab Information</a> web page for information on
          how to do this if you didn’t follow it in class.
        </p>
        <p>
        	After you log in, start Dreamweaver and fix your site’s document root and images directory paths so they
          contain your account name instead of “prototype.” Be sure the only message you get from the site manager
          is the one about rebuilding the site cache. Anything else has to be fixed before proceeding. Again, this
          was demonstrated in class; you may need to seek help if you didn’t follow the procedure then.
        </p>
        <p>
        	Duplicate <span class="file-name">template.xhtml</span> by selecting it in Dreamweaver and typing
          Ctrl-D. Then change the file name of the copy to <span class="file-name">index.xhtml</span>.
        </p>
        <p class="standout-block">
        	Be sure to spell and capitalized the new filename to be exactly, “index.xhtml” (all lowercase letters).
          If you don’t do this right, you may not find out until I look at your assignment on my computer.
        </p>
				<p>
        	Change the title and level-1 heading of your index file to something that includes the possessive form
          of your name. The apostrophe in the title must be entered using the right-single quote character entity
          (<span class="code-snippet">&amp;rsquo;</span>)
        </p>
        <p>
        	Create a script file named <span class="file-name">assignment_01.js</span> in your site’s
          <span class="directory-name">scripts</span> directory, and add an <span class="file-name">alert()</span>
          function call that will display a message, such as &ldquo;Hello, World!&rdquo; when the page loads.
        </p>
        <h3>Test Your Code</h3>
        <p>
        	Use the Firefox browser to view your web page using the fully qualified domain name of the computer you
          are working on for the host name part of the URL. The pathname part of the URL is ~ (tilde, the character
          on the key in the upper left corner of the keyboard) followed by your account name.
        </p>
        <p class="standout-block">
        	The previous paragraph is important. You cannot look at your web page just by clicking on it. That
          sends the page to the browser without going through the PHP processor on the server, and the browser
          will wail and gnash its teeth woefully if you try to do this. Also, it will not work.
        </p>
        <ol>
        	<li>
          	Be sure the web page displays properly with your custom page title appearing at the top of the
          	browser window and your new page title displayed with a “curly” quote mark for the the apostrophe
            in your name.
          </li>
          <li>
          	Be sure the annoying “Hello World!” message shows up when you load your page!
          </li>
          <li>
          	Validate your web page by clicking the XHTML link. Be sure you get the green “no error” message,
            and that the page is identified as XHTML 1.1 and UTF-8.
          </li>
        </ol>
        <p>
        	If any of your testing fails, you have to fix the problem before submitting the assignment.
        </p>
        <p>
        	Be sure to log out of your account when you finish the assignment so your work will be copied to
          the server where I will be able to access it.
        </p>
      </div>

      <h2>Submit</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
        	When you are ready for me to look at your assignment, simply send me an email message to let me
          know. I’ll copy your entire web site to my computer (babbage) and check it out. The full pathname
          to your web site on babbage will be http://babbage.cs.qc.cuny.edu/Grading/903/ followed by your
          account name.
        </p>
        <p>
          Send your email message to me at: vickery<span class="at" title="Change to
          @">at</span>babbage.cs.qc.cuny.edu by midnight of the due date.
        </p>
        <p class="standout-block">
          The Subject line of your email message must be: “CS-90.3 Assignment 1.”
        </p>
        <p>
        	Don’t forget to put your name in your email message!
        </p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      <a href="../syllabus.xhtml">Syllabus</a>
      <a href="./">Schedule</a>
      <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>
      <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer?profile=css3">CSS</a>
      <em>Page last updated <?php echo date('Y-m-d', filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])); ?></em>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
