<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if (  array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator")
      )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">

  <head>
    <title>CS-90.3 Assignment 3</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="charset=UTF-8" />

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="../../css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/style-print.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/assignments.css"
    />
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../scripts/core.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../scripts/round-corners.js"></script>
  </head>

  <body id='urn:uuid:640BC13C-EA64-47B1-B913-36006E0E76F2'>
    <h1>CS-90.3 Assignment 3</h1>
    <h2>Introduction</h2>
    <div>
    	If you have not already done so, set up and use the skeleton code for JavaScript applications that we will be using
      for projects in this course.
    </div>
    <h2>The Assignment</h2>
    <div>
      <ol>
        <li>
          <h5>Create and run the skeleton code for a JavaScript application.</h5>
          <p class="run-in">
        	  Type the following code into a file named <span class="file-name">scripts/skeleton.js</span>, and edit
            your <span class="file-name">index.xhtml</span> page so it has links to both 
            <span class="file-name">core.js</span> and this file. Verify that it works.
          </p>
          <p class="code-block">
  if (typeof Core === "object")
  {
    Core.start
    (
      ( function()
        {
          return {
            init: function(evt)
            {
              alert("Hello, World!");
            }
          };
        }
      )()
    );
  }
  else
  {
    alert ("Core library missing");
  }
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
        	<h5>
            Combine two applications; use the anonymous functions&rsquo; closures to hold each application&rsquo;s
          	execution environment.
          </h5>
          <p	class="run-in">
          	Make two copies of <span class="file-name">skeleton.js</span> (In Dreamweaver, select
            <span class="file-name">skeleton.js</span>, and type Ctrl-D to duplicate the file; do that again to make
            another copy.) Rename the two copies <span class="file-name">assignment_03A.js</span> and
            <span class="file-name">assignment_03B.js</span>, and update your <span class="file-name">index.xhtml</span>
            file so it has three links, the existing one to <span class="file-name">core.js</span>, and two to these
            two files.
          </p>
          <p>
          	Add a local variable named <span class="variable-name">msg</span> to the anonymous self-execting function
            in both the script files you just created. Make the value of the <span class="variable-name">msg</span>
            variable a string that includes the script file name in it, such as &ldquo;Hello from 3A.&rdquo; Change the
            alert call in both files so it displays the value of its <span class="variable-name">msg</span> variable.
            Verify that the code works.
          </p>
        </li>
      </ol>
    </div>
    <h2>Submit The Assignment</h2>
    <div>
      <p>
        When you have tested your web site and verified that everything validates and runs correctly, log out so your
        site will be copied back to the server. Then send me an email to let me know your assignment is ready for
        grading: I will copy your site from the lab server to babbage to verify that it is correct.
      </p>
      <p>
        Send your email to vickery<span class="at" title="Change the word 'at' to the symbol
        '@'">at</span>babbage.cs.qc.cuny.edu with <span class="code-snippet">CS-90.3 Assignment 3</span>, spelled and
        capitalized just like that. Be sure to put your email address inside the message you send.
      </p>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      <a href="../../../">Vickery Home</a>&mdash;<a
         href="../../cs090.3">Course Home Page</a>&mdash;<a
         href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>&mdash;<a
         href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a>&mdash;Last
         updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime('course_calendar.xml')); ?>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
