<?php
  if (array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
      stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">

  <head>

    <title>CS-081 Assignment 4</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="/favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="/courses/css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="/courses/css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="/courses/css/style-print.css"
    />        

  </head>

  <body>

    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-081 Assignment 4</h1>
    </div>

    <h2>Project Description</h2>
    <div id="content" class="whitebox">

      <p>For this assignment, you are to practice using various CSS
      positioning and formatting features of your web site&rsquo;s home
      page.  The structure you are to set up is to have five sections: (1)
      The page title is to be in a <span class="tagName">div</span> named
      <span class="variableName">header</span>: the title itself is to
      appear centered at the top of the page.  (2) There is to be a footer
      <span class="tagName">div</span> at the bottom of the page containing
      the usual XHTML and CSS validation links for the page: they should be
      small and centered. (3 and 4) There are to be two sidebar <span
      class="tagName">div</span>s: the left one is to contain an unordered
      list with links to the Home and Picture Gallery pages, and the one on
      the right is to contain some thumbnails from your Picture Gallery,
      aligned vertically.  (5) The content <span class="tagName">div</span>
      goes in the middle of the other four.  Fill the content <span
      class="tagName">div</span> with lots of paragraphs (fifteen would be a
      good number) of Lorem Ipsum text, enough to make sure the page is too
      tall to fit completely in anybody&rsquo;s viewport.</p>
      
      <h3>Details</h3>

      <ol>

        <li>

          <h5>Set up the page structure and insert the Lorem Ipsum
          text.</h5> <p class="runin">Here is the structure of the <span
          class="tagName">body</span> of your <span
          class="fileName">index.xhtml</span> file: </p>

          <div class="codeBlock">
  &lt;div id="header"&gt;
    &lt;h1&gt;<em>Page title goes here.</em>&lt;/h1&gt;
  &lt;/div&gt;
  &lt;div id="navigation"&gt;
    &lt;ul&gt;
      <em>List items containing links go here.</em>
    &lt;/ul&gt;
  &lt;/div&gt;
  &lt;div id="sidebar"&gt;
    <em>Images go here</em>
  &lt;/div&gt;
  &lt;div id="content"&gt;
    <em>Many paragraphs of Latin text go here.</em>
  &lt;/div&gt;
  &lt;div id="footer"&gt;
    <em>Validation links go here.</em>
  &lt;/div&gt;
          </div>
          
          <p>Your page should look just like the one above, with your own
          content inserted in the places indicated.  As explained in class,
          Lorem Ipsum is latin text that is used in laying out projects to
          show where text goes, but without distracting the viewer with
          meaningful content.  There are several sites on the Web that will 
          generate Lorem Ipsum text for you.  For example, <a
          href="http://www.lipsum.com">www.lipsum.com</a> is a good one: go
          to the section, &ldquo;Where can I get some?&rdquo; to get your
          paragraphs for this project.  Copy the generated text, and paste
          it into your content <span class="tagName">div</span>.  Be sure to
          wrap each paragraph in its own <span class="tagName">p</span>
          tags, and to reformat the text so your code will be easy to read
          without having to scroll horizontally.</p>
          
          <p>Once you have your XHTML page set up properly, you can close it
          and should not have to change it again for the rest of this
          project: do everything else by editing your <span
          class="fileName">screen.css</span> stylesheet for the page.</p>

        </li>

      
        <li>

          <h5>Use floats to position the sidebars and the content section.</h5>
          <p class="runin">Edit your <span class="filename">screen.css</span>
          stylesheet to assign the values <span
          class="variableValue">left</span> and <span
          class="variableValue">right</span> to the <span
          class="variableName">float</span> property of the <span
          class="variableName">navigation</span> and <span
          class="variableName">sidebar</span>
          <span class="tagName">div</span>s:</p>

          <div class="codeBlock">
  #navigation {
    float: left;
    }
  #sidebar {
    float: right;
    }
          </div>

        </li>

        <li>
        
          <h5>Select an harmonious color scheme for the five <span
          class="tagName">div</span>s.</h5> <p class="runin">Use <a
          href="../Color_Schemes/index-en.html">Petr &ldquo;Pixie&rdquo;
          Stan&#237;&#269;ek&rsquo;s Color Scheme Generator</a> to select a
          set of colors to use for various elements of your web site.  For
          this assignment, you are to use a different background color for
          each of the five <span class="tagName">div</span>s plus a
          contrasting color for the text, so you would need at least six
          colors.  However, you may use just one color for both the header
          and footer, a second color for the content, and a third color for
          both sidebars.  Set the background-color and color properties for
          each <span class="tagName">div</span> and make sure your home page
          looks good.</p>

        </li>
        
        <li>
        
          <h5>Select fonts.</h5> <p class="runin">Select two different font
          families for your site: one for headings and another for body text
          (what goes inside paragraphs).  You have five <span
          class="propertyName">font-family</span> property values to choose
          from: <span class="propertyValue">serif</span>, <span
          class="propertyValue">sans-serif</span>, <span
          class="propertyValue">cursive</span>, <span
          class="propertyValue">fantasy</span>, and <span
          class="propertyValue">monospace</span>.  Review pages 48-49 of the
          textbook, and experiment with those five values as your fallback
          font families.  The following &ldquo;web safe&rdquo; fonts are
          installed by default on both Windows and Mac OS X according to
          Jason Beaird in <span class="bookTitle">The Principles of
          Beautiful Web Design</span>; use two of them as the preferred
          fonts for your headings and body text.  The following list shows
          these font names using their own font-families, provided they are
          installed on the computer you are using to read this page:</p>

          <ul style="font-size:1.5em">
            <li style="font-family:Arial">Arial</li>
            <li style="font-family:Arial Black">Arial Black</li>
            <li style="font-family:Comic Sans MS">Comic Sans MS</li>
            <li style="font-family:Courier">Courier New</li>
            <li style="font-family:Georgia">Georgia</li>
            <li style="font-family:Impact">Impact</li>
            <li style="font-family:Times New Roman">Times New Roman</li>
            <li style="font-family:Trebuchet MS">Trebuchet MS</li>
            <li style="font-family:Verdana">Verdana</li>
          </ul>

          <p>And here is the fallback set, whose appearance may vary from
          browser to browser, even on the same computer:</p>
          
          <ul style="font-size:1.5em">
            <li style="font-family:Serif">Serif</li>
            <li style="font-family:Sans-Serif">Sans-Serif</li>
            <li style="font-family:Cursive">Cursive</li>
            <li style="font-family:Fantasy">Fantasy</li>
            <li style="font-family:Monospace">Monospace</li>
          </ul>

        </li>
        
        <li>
        
          <h5>Style the Links.</h5>

          <p class="runin">Use CSS to make the navigation list display as a
          set of bars that span the width of the navigation <span
          class="tagName">div</span>.  Make the appearance of a link change
          when the mouse hovers over it and after the link has been visited
          using the pseudo-classes, <span
          class="variableName">a:link</span>, <span
          class="variableName">a:hover</span>, and <span
          class="variableName">a:visited</span>.</p>

        </li>
        
        <li>
        
          <h5>Adjust Margins, Borders, and Padding.</h5>
          <p class="runin">Use CSS to style the layout of the various parts
          of the page so it is easy to read and looks good.</p>
          
        </li>
        
        <li>
        
          <h5>Optional Features</h5>
          <p class="runin">You may apply background images to various parts
          of the page, and you may choose to make some of the elements of
          the page remain fixed on the screen as the user scrolls through
          the content <span class="tagName">div</span>.</p>
          
        </li>

      </ol>
      
      <h3>Submit The Assignment</h3>
      
        <p>Send me email when you have completed the assignment.</p><p
        class="standoutBlock">  Be sure you put <span
        class="codeSnippet">CS-081 Assignment 4</span> in the Subject of
        your message and <span class="underline">put your name in the
        message body</span>.</p>

    </div>

    <div id="footer">
    <hr />
      <p class="links">
        <a href="/">Vickery Home</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;
        <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
        XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;
        <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">
        CSS</a>
      </p>
      <p><em>Last updated
        <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME']));
        ?>.</em>
      </p>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
