<?php
  if (array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
      stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">

  <head>

    <title>Assignment 3 Requirements</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="/favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="/courses/css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="/courses/css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="/courses/css/style-print.css"
    />        

  </head>

  <body>

    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-081: Assignment 3 Requirements</h1>
    </div>

    <div id="content" class="whitebox">
      <h2>Overview</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
        <p>There are two parts to this assignment.  The first part, given in
        the <a href="Assignment_03.xhtml">Assignment 3 Web Page</a>, was to
        set up a photo gallery.  That was an exercise in setting up links
        for navigating through a set of related pages and in preparing
        images for the web.  The second part was to apply some more advanced
        styling to the pages that made up the gallery, using the <a
        href="../framed_picture.xhtml">Framed Picture Web Page</a> as a
        guide.</p>
        
        <p>This page summarizes what you must do to complete the assignment.
        You have freedom to make several design decisions on your own, but
        parts of the design are requirements, which you must do as specified
        here.</p>

      </div>
      
      <h2>Reqirements</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">

        <p>You are to set up a photo gallery in a subdirectory of your
        course web site.  The index page for the gallery should be styled
        like the index page for your site, and is to contain thumbnails of
        all the images in the gallery.  Clicking a thumbnail brings up a
        page with a full-sized copy of the picture.</p>
        
        <p>Each picture page is to have a level 1 heading with the name of
        the picture, links to go to the next and previous picture in the
        gallery, a link back to the index page for the gallery, and links
        for submitting the page to the W3C validators for XHTML and CSS. 
        Prepare all images for the gallery following the instructions in the
        <a href="Assignment_03.xhtml">Assignment 3 Web Page</a>.</p>

        <p>The picture pages must not have scrollbars no matter what size
        the user makes the browser window and/or font size.</p>
        
        <p>The picture pages must use background images for the photographs
        and to create a frame for each photograph.  The frame must be
        attached to the borders of the viewing area for the picture, and the
        frame must be constructed from small images that are repeated to
        create the frame effect.</p>
        
        <p>The links for navigating through the gallery must not change
        position on the screen when going from one picture to another one. 
        That is, if the user clicks the &ldquo;Next&rdquo; button on one
        picture, s/he must not need to move the mouse to click the
        &ldquo;Next&rdquo; button on the new picture.</p>

      </div>
      
      <h2>Options</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
      
        <p>You may use whatever colors you think look good for your design. 
        Your picture frame does not have to be a darkening vignette effect
        inside the picture area.  For example, it could be outside the
        picture, a color rather than gray, provide a gradient that goes in a
        different direction rather than outside-in.  Feel free to be
        creative about your design, provided you meet the background images
        and gradients requirement.</p>

        <p>The picture title, navigation links, and validation links may be
        positioned and styled any way you think looks good.</p>
        
        <p>You may use as many style sheets as you want for this project,
        but I suggest embedding picture-specific rules inside a <span
        class="tagName">script</span> tag of each picture page.  The gallery
        index page should use the same stylesheet as the main part of your
        web site, but the picture pages may use a totally different one (or
        ones).</p>

        <p>There is no reason to use JavaScript for this assignment, but you
        might want to use a small amount of PHP as described in the <a
        href="../framed_picture.xhtml">Framed Picture Web Page</a>.  With
        some serious PHP coding, you could use a single picture page for all
        the pictures in the gallery, but that&rsquo;s beyond the scope of
        this course.  If you are interested in trying it, let me know: the
        Apache servers would need a small configuration change.</p>
      
      </div>
      
      <h2>Due Date</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">

        <p>The assignment is not due until after Spring Break.  When it is
        ready, send me an email message with <span
        class="codeSnippet">CS-081 Assignment 3 Complete</span> as the
        subject.</p>

      </div>
    </div>

    <div id="footer">
    <hr />
      <p class="links">
        <a href="/">Vickery Home</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;
        <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
        XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;
        <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">
        CSS</a>
      </p>
      <p><em>Last updated
        <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME']));
        ?>.</em>
      </p>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
