<?php
  if (array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
      stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">

  <head>

    <title>CS-081 Assignment 1</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="/favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="/courses/css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="/courses/css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="/courses/css/style-print.css"
    />
    
  </head>

  <body>

    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-081 Assignment 1</h1>
    </div>

    <div id="content">
      <h2>Overview</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
        <p>The purposes of this assignment are to familiarize you with the use
        of the laboratory facilities for the course and to establish
        standard procedures for developing web projects for the course.</p>
      </div>
      
      <h2>Procedure</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
        <ol>
          <li>

            <h5>Log into your account and verify that it is working
            correctly.</h5><p class="inline">Log into any one of the
            computers in A-205 or A-227 using your account name for this
            course, which consists of your last name followed by the digits
            &ldquo;081&rdquo; all as a single lower-case string.  Use the
            password given to you in class, and remember that you will be
            required to change it to something secure the first time you log
            in.</p>

            <p>The names of the computers are:</p>
            
            <table  summary="Lists of computer names in A-205 and A-227."
                    id="computers">
            
              <tr><th>A-205</th><th>A-227</th></tr>
              <tr><td>birch</td><td>apple</td></tr>
              <tr><td>cherry</td><td>fir</td></tr>
              <tr><td>chestnut</td><td>juniper</td></tr>
              <tr><td>elm</td><td>mimosa</td></tr>
              <tr><td>ginkgo</td><td>peach</td></tr>
              <tr><td>hemlock</td><td>pine</td></tr>
              <tr><td>hickory</td><td>plum</td></tr>
              <tr><td>&nbsp;</td><td>spruce</td></tr>
              <tr><td>&nbsp;</td><td>sycamore</td></tr>
              <tr><td>&nbsp;</td><td>walnut</td></tr>
            
            </table>
            
            <p>Room 205 is an &ldquo;open lab,&rdquo; which means you can
            use the computers there any time you want.  The secretaries in
            the CS Department Office (A-202) will open the lab for you if it
            is closed.  Room 227 is a closed lab, so you will not be able to
            sit at the computers in that room to use them.  However, all of
            the computers are accessible from the Internet.  If you have
            access to a computer running Windows XP with a broadband
            connection, you can use <span class="programName">Remote Desktop
            </span> to log in.  From the <span class="menuItem">Start</span>
            button, go to <span class="menuItem">Programs</span>, to  <span
            class="menuItem">Accessories</span>, to <span
            class="menuItem">Communications</span>, and you will find it. 
            When it asks you what computer you want to connect to, pick one
            of the names above and add the domain name
            &ldquo;.cs.qc.edu&rdquo; to the computer name.  For example, you
            would log into <span class="computerName">ginkgo</span> by
            entering <span class="computerName">ginkgo.cs.qc.edu</span>.</p>
            
            <p>If you are using a Macintosh, OSX comes with a Remote Desktop
            program you can use in the same way as the Windows version. 
            Under preferences, be sure to set a screen size and resolution
            to match your computer&rsquo;s screen.  The default value is
            very low resolution, making it difficult to use.</p>
            
            <p>There an open source version of Remote Desktop at <a
            href="http://www.rdesktop.org">www.rdesktop.org</a> that might
            be useful if you are running Linux.  But I have had no
            experience with it.</p>

              <p class="standoutBlock">When you use Remote Desktop, select
              one of the computers in A-227 so that students who are on
              campus will be able to use the computers in A-205.  The
              exception to this rule is from 5:00 to 6:15 pm on Tuesdays and
              Thursdays, when there is a class using room A-227.</p>

            <p>Use <em>Windows Explorer</em> to verify that your &ldquo;My
            Documents&rdquo; directory contains a directory named &ldquo;My
            Web Pages.&rdquo;  That directory should already contain a file
            named <span class="fileName">template.xhtml</span>, which you
            will be using as a starting point for the web pages you write
            for this course.</p>
            
            <p>Make a copy of <span class="fileName">template.xhtml</span>
            named <span class="fileName">index.xhtml</span> in the same
            directory.</p>

            <h5>Log off the computer you used and log into a second
            one.</h5>  <p class="inline">On the second computer, verify that
            your <span class="fileName">index.xhtml</span> file shows up in
            your <span class="fileName">My Web Pages </span> directory,
            indicating that your &ldquo;profile&rdquo; (settings) were
            successfully copied to the domain server (<span
            class="computerName">maple</span>) when you logged off the first
            computer and that they were then copied to the second computer
            when you logged into it.  If you have any problems with this
            step, contact Dr. Vickery for help before proceeding with the
            remainder of the assignment.</p>

          </li>
          
          <li>

            <h5>Edit <span class="fileName">index.xhtml</span> and test
            it.</h5> <p class="inline">Use any text editor to change the
            <span class="tagName">title</span> and <span
            class="tagName">h1</span> elements of your <span
            class="fileName">index.xhtml</span> file from the word
            &ldquo;Template&rdquo; to your own name.  It would be best to
            use a programming editor such as <span
            class="programName">Vim</span>, or even the full web IDE, <span
            class="programName">Dreamweaver</span>.  However, it is possible
            to make the change using a simple text editor like<span
            class="programName">Notepad</span>.  If you decide to do this
            step using <span class="programName">Notepad</span> you have to
            put quotation marks around the file name when you save it or
            Notepad will add &ldquo;.txt&rdquo; to the end of the file name
            (<span class="fileName">index.xhtml.txt</span>), and the web
            server won&rsquo;t be able to display it properly because of the
            wrong extension.</p>

            <p>There are links to some introductory material on using <span
            class="programName">Vim</span> and <span
            class="programName">Dreamweaver</span> <a
            href="#site_setup">below</a>.</p>

            <p>There are four ways you can try to view your new <span
            class="fileName">index.xhtml</span> web page in a browser, but
            only three of them will work!</p>
            
            <ol>

              <li>(This is the technique that does <strong>not</strong>
              work!) Click on the file using Windows Explorer.  Windows
              recognizes that .xhtml files are web pages and tells the
              default browser to show the page.  But our template file
              includes some server-side scripting code written in PHP, and
              its presence will confuse the browser, which will display a
              cryptic error message.</li>
              
              <li>Start Firefox, and type the URL
              &ldquo;localhost/~astudent081&rdquo; into the location bar,
              substituting your own account name for <span
              class="fileName">astudent081</span>.</li>
              
              <li>This technique is the same as the previous one, but
              substitute the name of the computer you are using for the word
              &ldquo;localhost&rdquo; in the URL.</li>
              
              <li>This technique is the same as the previous one, but enter
              the Fully Qualified Domain Name (FQDN) for the name of the
              computer you are using.  The proper FQDN for the computers in
              the lab is the name of the computer name followed by
              &ldquo;.cs.qc.cuny.edu&rdquo; (<span
              class="computerName">ginkgo.cs.qc.cuny.edu</span>, for
              example), but you can safely leave out the &ldquo;.cuny&rdquo;
              part if you want to.</li>

            </ol>
            
            <p class="standoutBox">Note that only the last technique will
            work for accessing your web page from another computer, and even
            that technique will only work while you are logged into the
            computer whose FQDN you use.</p>
            
            <p>Now copy (<strong>don&rsquo;t move</strong>) your web page
            from your &ldquo;<span class="directoryName">My Web
            Pages</span>&rdquo; directory to <span
            class="directoryName">C:\htdocs</span> and verify that you can
            view it by specifying just the computer name in the address
            bar.</p>

          </li>
          
          <li>
          
            <h5>Another way to work on the assignments.</h5> <p
            class="runin">If you have <span
            class="programName">Dreamweaver</span> or another web
            development tool available off campus, you can install Apache on
            your own computer and develop and test your code using that
            environment.  (You can download Apache from <a
            href="http://httpd.apache.org/download.cgi">httpd.apache.org</a>.)
            Then you can use <span class="programName">Remote Desktop</span>
            to log into your lab account and copy the assignment files to
            your <span class="directoryName">My Web Pages</span> directory,
            test them there, and then submit the assignment (see below) in
            the usual way.</p>

            <p>When you start making the Remote Desktop connection using
            either Macintosh OSX or Windows, there there is an
            &ldquo;Options&rdquo; button that takes you to a tabbed panel. 
            The third tab is called &ldquo;Local Resources&rdquo;, and there
            is an option there to connect your local disk drives to your
            remote desktop login.  With that option checked, you will be
            able to drag and drop files between your local computer and the
            one in the lab using Windows Explorer on the remote
            computer.</p>

          </li>
          
          <li>

            <h5 id="site_setup">Start using a programmer&rsquo;s
            editor.</h5> <p class="runin">There are two tools you need to
            become familaiar with.  One is a programmer&rsquo;s editor, and
            the other is an Integrated Development Environment (IDE).  The
            IDE for this course will be introduced in the next
            assignment.</p>
            
            <p>There are many programmer&rsquo;s editors available, and you
            are free to use any one you like in this course.  The one that
            is set up and ready to go in the lab is called <span
            class="programName">Vim</span>, and there is a small <a
            href="../using_vim.xhtml">Using Vim</a> web page for you to use
            to learn the basics.  Compared to a text editor like <span
            class="programName">Notepad</span>, a programmer&rsquo;s editor
            gives you much more help in writing correct and easy to read
            code.  Features of a programmer&rsquo;s editor include: syntax
            highlighting, brace matching, automatic indentation, and tab
            character management.  These topics will be mentioned in
            class.</p>

          </li>
          
        </ol>
      </div>
      
      <h2>Submit the Assignment</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">

        <p>When you have completed the assignment and tested it in all the
        ways listed above, send me an email message that says <span
        class="codeBlock">CS-081 Assignment 1</span> in the subject line and
        that contains your real name and account name in the message body. 
        I will get a copy of your work from the server (<span
        class="computerName">maple</span>) to look at.</p>

      </div>
    </div>

    <div id="footer">
    <hr />
      <p class="links">
        <a href="/">Vickery Home</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;
        <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
        XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;
        <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">
        CSS</a>
      </p>
      <p><em>Last updated
        <?php echo gmdate("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME']));
        ?>.</em>
      </p>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
