There are a few announcements to pass on.  The internships
are for CS majors, but the Vista talk should be suitable for
everyone.

1.  A former student named Danny Wonder is working for a
software company that is looking to hire QC students either
as interns or full-time.  You can contact him at
dw@isaware.com.

2.  Bloomberg, the financial data services company that the
mayor founded, has a summer internship program.  If you are
interested, the Univeristy is coordinating applications, and
you need a recommendation from a faculty member.  The
description is at the end of this message.

3.  Gus Weber of Microsoft will be giving a talk on
Microsoft Vista this coming Monday during free hour.

--
Dr. Vickery


Bloomberg Internship Description
--------------------------------------------------------
EXPERIENCE LEVEL: Internship

DESCRIPTION:

As a Software Engineering Intern, you'll find Bloomberg will
give you an opportunity to explore many areas of interest in
the software development cycle. You will be working for a
premier technology firm involved in activities that include
design, development, quality assurance, and maintenance. If
you are an intelligent, creative programmer, you can join us
as an intern to learn more about us while we give you an
opportunity to help in our systems development efforts. All
summer interns will receive on-the-job training to help
enhance programming skills, instill a working familiarity
with Bloomberg's infrastructure systems, and help you and
Bloomberg determine if you should become a full-time member
of our team.

REQUIREMENTS:
* Working towards a Computer Science Bachelor's or Master's,
* GPA 3.5
* Object Oriented Design and Development
* Familiarity with UNIX, C/C++
* Fluency in at least one higher level programming language
  recommended
* Applicants that have obtained their terminal degree should
  apply for the full-time 2007 Financial Software Developer role with
  Bloomberg
* Start Date: April - June 2007 flexible

