<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if ( (array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml"))
       ||
       (array_key_exists("HTTP_USER_AGENT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator"))
     )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
          "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>

    <title>CS-090.3 Assignment 4</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="../../css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/style-print.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="all"
          href="../../css/assignments.css" />
  </head>
  <body>

    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-090.3 Assignment 4</h1>
    </div>

    <div id="content">
      <h2>Introduction</h2>
      <div>
        This assignment is the first part of a multi-part project in which you will eventually construct a complete
        web site that students and faculty can use to apply to serve on Academic Senate committees at Queens College.
        In this first step of the project,
        you will construct a page with a form that will eventually allow users to log into the system or to register to
        use the
        system if they have not done so previously. 
      </div>

      <h2>Project Description</h2>
      <div>
        <h3>Set Up The Assignment</h3>
        <p>
        	Create a directory for the entire project named <span class="directoryName">Senate_Application</span>
          directly under your <span class="directoryName">My Website</span> directory. Use the <a
          href="../template.zip" title="Zip file containing template.xhtml">template webpage</a> to create two web
          pages, named <span class="fileName">index.xhtml</span> and <span
          class="fileName">loginOrRegister.xhtml</span> in this directory.
        </p>
        <p>
        	Add a form to <span class="fileName">index.xhtml</span> with <span class="tagName">input</span> elements, one
          of type <span class="codeSnippet">text</span> and one of type <span class="codeSnippet">password</span> so the 
          user can enter a Queens College email address and a password, 
          and a Submit button. Set up the form
          so that submitting it displays the loginOrRegister page using the GET method (for now). The loginOrRegister
          page should have a message that shows the email address and password that the user entered on the form.
        </p>
        <p>
          Now add <span class="tagName">script</span> links to the <a href="../core.js">Core library from the
          textbook</a> and your own JavaScript file named senate_application.js. Both of these scripts go in the
          <span class="directoryName">scripts</span> directory of your web site. I am providing a <a
          href="../script_model.js">model script file</a> that you may use to get started. I have commented that file
          to explain its structure: change the comments so they more meaningfully guide another programmer through the
          code. 
        </p>
        <p>
        	At this point, you should have a working web site, except that it really doesn&rsquo;t do anything meaningful
          yet. The <a href="Assignment_05.xhtml">next step</a> will be to validate the user&rsquo;s input before
          submitting the form.
        </p>
      </div>

      <h2>Submit the Assignment</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          When you have built and tested your web pages, send me an email message to me saying your assignment
          is ready; I will get a copy from your account on the server and check it out. Send your
          email to:
        </p>
        <address>
          Christopher.Vickery<span class="at" title="Change to @">AT</span>qc.cuny.edu
        </address>
        <p class="standout_block">
          Be sure the Subject Line of your email says <span
          class="codeblock">CS-90.3&nbsp;Assignment&nbsp;4</span>, just like that, to be sure your
          message does not get trapped by my spam filters.
        </p>
        <p>Be sure to sign your email so I can tell who sent it!</p>
      </div>
    </div>

    <div id="footer">
      Last updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME']));
      ?>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="../../">Vickery Home</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="./">Course Schedule</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="../">CSCI-090.3 Home Page</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
