<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if ( (array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml"))
       ||
       (array_key_exists("HTTP_USER_AGENT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator"))
     )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
          "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>

    <title>CS-090.3 Assignment 5</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="../../css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/style-print.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="all"
          href="../../css/assignments.css" />
  </head>
  <body>

    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-090.3 Assignment 5</h1>
    </div>

    <div id="content">
      <h2>Introduction</h2>
      <div>
      	For this assignment, you are to verify that the user has entered a valid Queens College email address on
        the start page.
      </div>

      <h2>Project Description</h2>
      <div>
      	<p>
        	Call <span class="functionName">Core.preventDefault()</span> to prevent the form from being submitted if the
          user tries to submit the form without entering a valid QC email address. Use a regular expression to test the
          information the user entered in the form to see if it is valid or not.
        </p>
        <p>
          For this assignment define a valid email address as one that contains any mix of one or more word 
          (<span class="codeSnippet">\w</span>) and dot (<span class="codeSnippet">\.</span>) characters followed by an
          at sign (<span class="codeSnippet">@</span>), followed by any number of word characters followed by either
          <span class="codeSnippet">qc.edu</span> or <span class="codeSnippet">qc.cuny.edu</span>. The address may
          have any number of whitespace characters (<span class="codeSnippet">\s</span>) before and after the email
          address, but nothing else. Neither the username (the part to the left of the <span class="codeSnippet">@</span>)
          nor the hostname (the part to the right of the <span class="codeSnippet">@</span>) may begin or end with a dot.
        </p>
        <p>
          If the email address is valid, the action page should display the user&rsquo;s email address in the text of a
          paragraph, just as it did in Assignment 4.
        </p>
        <p>
          If the email address is not valid, provide visual feedback to the user that the field is invalid, such as by
          giving it a red border, and put the keyboard focus inside it.
        </p>
        <p>
          Each time the submit handler is invoked, remove any error indicator from the field to let the user know that
          their input has not been re-evaluated yet.
        </p>
      </div>

      <h2>Submit the Assignment</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          When you have tested your web pages, send me an email message to me saying your assignment
          is ready; I will get a copy from your account on the server and check it out. Send your
          email to:
        </p>
        <address>
          Christopher.Vickery<span class="at" title="Change to @">AT</span>qc.cuny.edu
        </address>
        <p class="standout_block">
          Be sure the Subject Line of your email says <span
          class="codeblock">CS-90.3&nbsp;Assignment&nbsp;5</span>, just like that, to be sure your
          message does not get trapped by my spam filters.
        </p>
        <p>Be sure to sign your email so I can tell who sent it!</p>
      </div>
    </div>

    <div id="footer">
      Last updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME']));
      ?>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="../../">Vickery Home</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="./">Course Schedule</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="../">CSCI-090.3 Home Page</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
