<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if ( (array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml"))
       ||
       (array_key_exists("HTTP_USER_AGENT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator"))
     )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
          "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>

    <title>CS-090.3 Assignment 1</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="../../css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/style-print.css"
    />        
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="all"
          href="../../css/assignments.css" />
  </head>
  <body>

    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-090.3 Assignment 1</h1>
    </div>

    <div id="content">
      <h2>Introduction</h2>
      <div>
      	Your first assignment is to set up your course web site and to create your first JavaScript program.
      </div>
      
      <h2>Description</h2>
      <div>
      	<p>
        	First, log into your account and set up your web site using <span
          class="programName">Dreamweaver</span>, as demonstrated in class. <a href="../../TREE_Lab">TREE Lab
          Information</a> gives information on using the computers in the Lab. Use <span
          class="codeBlock">903</span> as the course number and initial password. Download the <a
          href="../template.zip">template.zip</a> file for the course, and extract its contents, the file named
          <span class="fileName">template.xhtml</span>, into your <span
          class="directoryName">My&nbsp;Website</span> directory. Make a copy of <span
          class="fileName">template.xhtml</span> in Dreamweaver by clicking on it and typing Control-D (for
          &ldquo;Duplicate&rdquo;) and rename the copy as <span class="fileName">index.xhtml</span>. You can
          rename a file in Dreamweaver by clicking on its name twice (two separate clicks rather than a
          double-click), and then typing in the new file name. Now you should be able to view the template
          file using the URL, <span class="codeSnippet">http://<span
          class="tagName">hostname</span>.cs.qc.cuny.edu/~<span
          class="tagName">accountname</span>/</span>, where <span class="tagName">hostname</span> is
          the name of the computer you are logged into, and <span class="tagName">accountname</span>
          is your own account name. Note that the character before your account name is a tilde
          (upper left corner of the keyboard), not a dash.
        </p>
        
        <p>
        	Once you have basic site setup and default index page working, create a script file namned
          <span class="fileName">assignment_01.js</span> in your site&rsquo;s <span
          class="directoryName">scripts</span> directory, and create a link to it from a <span 
          class="tagName">script</span> tag in the head element of the index file. Add a "This page needs
          JavaScript" element to the index page, and write a script that makes this element disappear if
          JavaScript is actually available. Test that your code works properly in Firefox, Internet Explorere,
          Safari, and Opera.
        </p>
      </div>
      
      <h2>Submit the Assignment</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          When you have built and tested your web page, send me an email message to me saying your assignment
          is ready; I will get a copy from your account on the server and check it out. Send your
          email to:
        </p>
        <address>
          Christopher.Vickery<span class="at" title="Change to @">AT</span>qc.cuny.edu
        </address>
        <p class="standout_block">
          Be sure the Subject Line of your email says <span
          class="codeblock">CS-90.3&nbsp;Assignment&nbsp;1</span>, just like that, to be sure your
          message does not get trapped by my spam filters.
        </p>
        <p>Be sure to sign your email so I can tell who sent it!</p>
      </div>
    </div>

    <div id="footer">
      Last updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME']));
      ?>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a 
        href="../../">Vickery Home</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="./">Course Schedule</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="../">CSCI-090.3 Home Page</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
