<?php
/*  $Id: developing_with_web_standards_errata.xhtml,v 1.1 2010/08/26 04:39:53 vickery Exp vickery $
 *
 *  $Log: developing_with_web_standards_errata.xhtml,v $
 *  Revision 1.1  2010/08/26 04:39:53  vickery
 *  Initial revision
 *
 */

  header("Vary: Accept");
  if (array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
      stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
      stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator")
     )
  {
      header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
      header("Last-Modified: ".date('r', filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
      echo "<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n";
  }
  else
  {
  header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Errata for Developing with Web Standards</title>
    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="./favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="all" href="../css/style-all.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="screen" href="../css/style-screen.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="all" href="../css/assignments.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="print" href="../css/assignments-print.css" />
    <style type="text/css">
      dl {
        padding:1em;
        border: 1px solid red;
        background-color:gray;
        -moz-border-radius:0.5em;
        -webkit-border-radius:0.5em;
        -border-radius_0.5em;
        -moz-box-shadow:0.5em 0.5em 0.5em black;
        -webkit-box-shadow:0.5em 0.5em 0.5em black;
        box-shadow:0.5em 0.5em 0.5em black;
      }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Errata for <cite>Developing with Web Standards</cite> by John Allsopp</h1>
    <dl>
      <dt>page 59</dt>
        <dd>
          <p>
            The sample code has <span class="attribute-value">warandpeace</span> as the value of the
            <span class="attribute-name">for</span> attribute of the <span class="tag-name">label</span>
            tag, but it uses <span class="attribute-value">monkeyinput</span> as the attribute value of
            the <span class="attribute-name">id</span> attribute of the corresponding 
            <span class="tag-name">textarea</span> element. The two attribute values have to match.
          </p>
          <p>
            Change the third line from the end of the section on Grouping Controls from “&hellip;usable
            form&hellip;” to “&hellip;usable a form&hellip;”.   
          </p>
        </dd>
      <dt>page 64</dt>
        <dd>
          <p>
            Third line after the bullet list, change “&hellip;HTML elements&hellip;” to “&hellip;HTML
            tags&hellip;.”
          </p>
        </dd>
      <dt>page 86</dt>
      	<dd>The selector in the first box should be <code>div</code>, not <code>dd</code></dd>
      <dt>page 92</dt>
      	<dd>The text between the boxes should refer to “unordered” lists instead of “ordered” lists.</dd>
      <dt>page 93</dt>
      	<dd>
        	<p>The second box should have a dot before the word “chapter”.</p>
          <p>The second number on the last line of the page should be 11, not 12.</p>
        </dd>
      <dt>page 95</dt>
      	<dd>
          The description of figure 4.4 is either slightly misleading or inaccurate: the background of a box
          extends through the border. You can see it when the border is not solid.
        </dd>
      <dt>page 111</dt>
      	<dd>
        	The statement that browsers recognize em units only down to 0.1 is not accurate. They typically
          differentiate between em units down to four decimal places: what ever it takes to achieve one-pixel
          resolution on the user's screen.
        </dd>
      <dt>page 139</dt>
      	<dd>
        	The function <code>getElementById</code> is miscapitalized in two places near the bottom of the page.c
        </dd>
    </dl>
    <div id="footer">
      <?php echo "Last updated " . date('Y-m-d', filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])); ?>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
