<?php
  $this_dir = opendir('.');
  $this_link = "";
  $this_year = "";
  $this_term = "";
  while ($dir_entry = readdir($this_dir))
  {
    if (is_dir($dir_entry) && preg_match('/(\d{4})_(\d{2})/', $dir_entry, $year_term))
    {
      $this_year = $year_term[1];
      $this_term = ($year_term[2] === '02') ? 'Spring' : 'Fall';
      $this_link = $dir_entry;
    }
  }

header("Vary: Accept");
if (	array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
			stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
			stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator")  )
{
		$content_type = "application/xhtml+xml";
    header("Content-type: $content_type");
    header("Last-Modified: " . date('r', filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print ("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\" ?>\n");
}
else
{
	$content_type = "text/html";
	header("Content-type: $content_type; charset=utf-8");
}
?> <!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="<?php echo $content_type; ?>; charset=UTF-8" />
    <title>CS-081: HTML and Web Programming Course Home Page</title>
    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="./favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="all" href="../css/style-all.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="screen" href="../css/style-screen.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="print" href="../css/style-print.css" />
  </head>
  <body id='urn:uuid:4AEBBA6E-3DCA-46CC-93B9-E8665BC911F3'>
    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-081: HTML and Web Programming</h1>
    </div>
    <div id="content">
      <h2>Course Description</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
        <p>
          This is a course on the <strong>technical aspects of web site construction</strong>.  You should already be
          familiar with web pages and web sites from your everyday life, and you probably have developed your own page
          or pages one way or another before taking this course.  In this course, you will learn how to use &ldquo;best
          practices&rdquo; to build web pages that work well for as many of your web site&rsquo;s visitors as possible.
        </p>
        <p>
          In the process of learning <strong>how web pages work</strong>, you will learn how <span class="techTerm"
          title="Programs that deliver web pages to users.">web servers </span>, <span class="techTerm" title="Programs
          people use to find and view web pages">web browsers </span>, <span class="techTerm" title="Programs that are
          part of a web page and run in the user's browser">client-side scripts </span>, and <span class="techTerm"
          title="Programs that are part of a web page and run before the server delivers the page">server-side scripts
          </span> all interact to produce what people encounter when they use the Web. But most of all, the course
          covers <strong>writing code to produce web pages</strong>: <span class="techTerm" title="eXtensible Hypertext
          Markup Language">XHTML </span> and <span class="techTerm" title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</span>.
        </p>
        <p>
          Using <strong>best practices</strong> for web design means generating pages that are clear, attractive, and
          easy to use regardless of whether they are accessed by a traditional desk-top or laptop computer, a
          high-resolution cell phone like the iPhone, a conventional low-resolution phone, or even a &ldquo;screen
          reader&rdquo; that speaks the content of the page for visually impaired visitors. Ultimately, all these issues
          reduce to the matter of working with <span class="techTerm" title="Formal documents that give the rules for
          building web pages">web standards</span>.
        </p>
        <p>
          The two main <strong>standards</strong> covered in the course are the <a
          href="http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/#toc">XHTML</a> (Extensible Hypertext Markup Language) and <a
          href="http://www.w3.org/TR/CSS21/cover.html#minitoc">CSS</a> (Cascading Style Sheets) developed by the <a
          href="http://www.w3c.org">World Wide Web Consortium</a> (W3C).  The course will also introduce the use of <a
          href="http://www.ecma-international.org/publications/standards/Ecma-262.htm">JavaScript</a> (also known
          as<span class="programName">ECMAScript</span>) to create dynamic effects based on the W3C Document Object
          Model,<a href="http://www.w3.org/DOM/">DOM</a>. In addition, we will also look at the concepts of client-side
          scripting using <a href="http://www.php.net/">PHP</a>.
        </p>
        <h3>Laboratory Facilities</h3>
        <p>
          You will have access to <strong>laboratory facilities</strong> in the department that provide complete control
          over the web server (<a href="http://www.apache.org/">Apache</a>) as well as development tools, including <a
          href="http://www.adobe.com/products/creativesuite/web/">Dreamweaver</a> one of the most popular web
          development programs available. But this is not a &ldquo;Dreamweaver Course&rdquo;. Rather, you will learn to
          use subsets of Dreamweaver&rsquo;s extensive range of features to manage a web site and to write XHTML and CSS
          code. <span class="aside">For now, the laboratory version of Dreamweaver is one version &ldquo;old;&rdquo; the
          link in this paragraph is to the product page for the current version.</span>
        </p>
        <p>
          The laboratory is an &ldquo;open laboratory.&rdquo; That means that you can use the lab any time the college
          is open, and at all times of the day and night from the internet. See the <a href="../TREE_Lab">laboratory
          information</a> page for details.
        </p>
        <p class="standout-box">
          There are no scheduled times when the class meets in the lab. Rather, you are to use it for doing your
          assignments for the course on your own time outside of class.
        </p>
      </div>
      <h2>Link to <a href="./syllabus.xhtml">Course Syllabus</a></h2>
      <h2>Link to <a href="<?php echo $this_link;?>">This Semester&rsquo;s Course Information and Assignments</a></h2>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      Last updated <?php echo gmdate("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])); ?>&mdash;<a
        href="../..">Vickery Home</a>&nbsp;&mdash;&nbsp;<a
        href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>&nbsp;&mdash;&nbsp;<a
        href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
