<?php
  if (array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
      stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml"))
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">

<head>

  <title>Using Flash</title>

  <link rel="shortcut icon" href="favicon.ico" />

  <link rel="stylesheet"
        type="text/css"
        media="all"
        href="/courses/css/style-all.css"
  />
  <link rel="stylesheet"
        type="text/css"
        media="screen"
        href="/courses/css/style-screen.css"
  />
  <link rel="stylesheet"
        type="text/css"
        media="print"
        href="/courses/css/style-print.css"
  />        

</head>

<body>

  <div id="header">
    <h1>Using Flash</h1>
  </div>

  <div id="content">
    <h2>Introduction</h2>
    <div class="whitebox">

      <p>Macromedia Flash is a popular way to add interesting visual effects
      to web pages.  Whether Flash is &ldquo;good&rdquo;,
      &ldquo;evil&rdquo;, or somewhere in between is beyond the scope of
      this web page.  Rather, we will simply assume that you want to show a
      flash movie on a web page for some good reason.</p>

      <p>Flash movies are constructed using a Flash authoring program, such
      as the one from Macromedia that is available by clicking the round red
      icon with an F in the middle on your desktop.  There are other flash
      authoring tools available, including one from the open source project,
      <a href="http://osflash.org/ames">AMES</a>.  Once you have built a
      flash movie (a file with a <span class="filename">.fla
      </span>extension), two thing need to be done to include it in a web
      page: (1) The <span class="filename">.fla </span> file gets compressed
      so it won&rsquo;t take so long to download; the compressed version
      gets a <span class="filename">.swf </span> extension.  (2) The web
      page has to use some combination of &lt;object&gt;, &lt;param&gt;, and
      &lt;embed&gt; tags to include the movie in the page. The Flash
      authoring program from Macromedia provides an option called
      &ldquo;Publish Settings&ldquo; that will generate the <span
      class="filename">.swf </span>file and a web page containing a set of
      tags that will work to display the movie.</p>

      <p>But getting Flash movies to play in all browsers using XHTML code
      that validates using the W3C validation tool is not a simple matter. 
      The html file generated by the Flash &ldquo;Publish Settings&rdquo;
      option does play in all browsers, but doesn&rsquo;t validate.  If you
      don&rsquo;t care whether your web pages validate or not, you can
      simply copy that code into your own web page and be done with it.</p>

      <p>But we take as a given that you want to write web pages that do
      validate.  Furthermore, we&rsquo;d also like to work with less
      complicated markup than that generated by Flash.  The technique I
      recommend is based on a technique that was published by Drew McLellan
      in 2002, which he calls the <a
      href="http://www.alistapart.com/articles/flashsatay">Satay
      Method</a>.  Ian Hickson published another technique in 2004, that is
      known as the <a
      href="http://ln.hixie.ch/?start=1081798064&amp;count=1">Hixie
      Method</a>.  The version of the Satay Method presented here has the
      disadvantage of taking a long time before showing anything if a movie
      is big; the full Satay Method takes care of this issue.  The Hixie
      Method has the advantage that Internet Explorer users with an old
      version of the Flash player on their computer will be prompted to
      upgrade to the latest version.</p>

    </div>

    <h2 id="sss">SSS: The Simple Satay Subset</h2>
    <div class="whitebox">

      <p>If you want to show a Flash movie named &ldquo;Untitled.swf&rdquo;
      in your web page, include the following code:</p>
      <div class="codeBlock">
          &lt;object type="application/x-shockwave-flash"
                  data="Untitled.swf" 
                  width="200"
                  height="200"&gt;
            &lt;param name="movie" value="Untitled.swf" /&gt;
            &lt;param name="loop"  value="false" /&gt;
          &lt;/object&gt;
      </div>

      <p>Change &ldquo;Untitled.swf&rdquo; to the URL of the actual movie in
      two places, and adjust the size of the movie &ldquo;screen&rdquo; from
      200x200 pixels to whatever size you want, and you&rsquo;re done.
      </p>

    </div>

    <h2>Discussion</h2>
    <div class="whitebox">

      <h3>Disadvantages of SSS</h3>

      <p>The disadvantages of <a href="#sss">the SSS</a> are:</p>
      <ol>

        <li>The code explicitly states the size of the movie, in pixels, on
        the screen.  Flash movies have information about their sizes
        embedded inside them, but browsers don&rsquo;t &ldquo;see&rdquo; the
        sizes the way they do for JPEG, GIF, SVG, and PNG images.  This has
        to do with the fact that support for images is built into the
        browsers, but support for Flash is supplied by a separate
        &ldquo;plugin module&rdquo; or in the case of Internet Explorer and
        by an &ldquo;ActiveX control,&rdquo; provided by Macromedia.  The
        values for height and width should really be set using CSS, since
        they control the presentation of the web page.  Internet Explorer
        and Opera use default values for height and width that will cause
        the movie to display with no CSS control, although their default
        sizes are different from each other. But Firefox uses default values
        of zero, which means that without CSS, you can&rsquo;t see the movie
        at all, although you can hear audio if the movie has sound.</li>

        <li>The URL of the <span class="filename">.swf </span> file has to
        be specified twice: once in the &lt;object&gt; tag, and again as the
        value string in one of the &lt;param&gt; tags.  This means that a
        person who wants to modify the code has to remember to make two
        identical changes.  Changing just one without the other will lead to
        one movie showing in some browsers and a different movie in others! 
        (Internet Explorer uses the movie parameter; all other browsers use
        the data attribute of the &lt;object&gt; tag.)</li>


      </ol>

      <h3>Other &lt;param&gt; Tags</h3>
      <p>There are many features of Flash movies that can be controlled by
      using additional &lt;param&gt; tags inside the object element. 
      Documentation is available on the <a
      href="http://www.macromedia.com/cfusion/knowledgebase/index.cfm?id=tn_12701">Macromedia
      Web Site</a>.  Some of the more common ones are:</p>

      <table>
        <tr>
          <th scope="col">name</th>
          <th scope="col">value</th>
          <th scope="col">Meaning</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>&quot;play&quot;</td>
          <td>&quot;true&quot; or &quot;false&quot;</td>
          <td>Whether the movie should start playing as soon as it is
          loaded, or wait for the user to right-click on it and select the
          &ldquo;play&rdquo; option from a drop-down menu.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>&quot;loop&quot;</td>
          <td>&quot;true&quot; or &quot;false&quot;</td>
          <td>Whether the movie should automatically start over each time
          it reaches the end.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>&quot;menu&quot;</td>
          <td>&quot;true&quot; or &quot;false&quot;</td>
          <td>Whether or not the drop-down menu mentioned above should be
          available when the user right-clicks on the movie.</td>
        </tr>
      </table>

      <h3>Using Flashblock</h3>
      
      <p>Although the Flash plugin or ActiveX control is installed in the
      vast majority of web browsers, many people don&rsquo;t like Flash
      because (1) Visually impaired people can&rsquo;t see Flash movies, and
      screen readers have no way to describe them, (2) Flash movies can take
      a long time to load, and (3) a lot of advertisers have cluttered web
      pages with distracting and annoying Flash animations.  Since Flash is
      an optional component of the browser (see the <a
      href="http://www.macromedia.com/cfusion/knowledgebase/index.cfm?id=tn_14157">Macromedia
      web site</a> for instructions on how to remove it), web pages that use
      Flash should be checked to make sure they make sense when viewed by
      users without flash installed.</p>

      <p>There is an extension for Firefox called <a
      href="http://flashblock.mozdev.org/">Flashblock</a> that lets you turn
      Flash playing on and off dynamically.  Once you install it, all Flash
      content on a page is replaced by a gray icon that changes from an
      <strong><em>f</em></strong> to a &ldquo;play&rdquo; button when you
      mouse over it: click on it and the Flash movie plays.  By going to the
      Tools-&gt;Extensions menu, you can click on the Flashblock entry,
      click on Options at the bottom, and bring up a panel that lets you
      turn the extension completely off (or back on) if you just want to use
      Firefox to view web pages normally.</p>

    </div>

  </div>

  <div id="footer">
  <hr />
    <p class="links">
      <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
      XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;
      <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">
      CSS</a>
    </p>
    <p><em>Last updated
      <?php echo gmdate("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME']));
      ?></em>
    </p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
