<?php
  if (array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
      stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">

<head>

<title>Using Inkscape</title>

  
    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="/favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="/courses/css/style-all.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="/courses/css/style-screen.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="/courses/css/style-print.css" />        

    <style type="text/css" media="all">
      .withBgColor { background-color:#cfc; }
      .withPNG {
        background-image: url(images/lightRedGradient.png);
        background-repeat:repeat-y;
      }
    </style>
</head>

<body>

  <div id="header">
    <h1>Using Inkscape</h1>
  </div>
  <div id="content">
    <h2>Introduction</h2>
    <div class="whitebox">
      <p>Inkscape is a free drawing program, available from <a href="http://www.inkscape.org">inkscape.org</a>,
        for creating and editing Scalable Vector Graphics (<a href="http://www.w3.org/Graphics/SVG/About.html">SVG</a>)
        images. The advantage of working with <span class="techTerm">vector
        graphics</span> compared to <span class="techTerm">bitmap</span> images
        is that vector images do not degrade when you change their size. SVG
        is a standard format for vector graphics that uses XML to represent
        drawing elements and their attributes. You can display SVG images in
        any browser by using the <span class="tagName">object</span> (not <span class="tagName">img</span>)
        tag, but the &ldquo;big three&rdquo; (IE7, Firefox, and Opera) are
        inconsistent in how they display such images. (Opera is best.) IE6
        doesn&rsquo;t display them at all. And you cannot use SVG images as
        backgrounds. But Inkscape lets you export SVG images as Portable Network
        Graphics (<a href="http://www.w3.org/Graphics/PNG/">PNG</a>) images,
        which can be used for backgrounds, and that&rsquo;s the technique
        we will be using here.</p>
      <p class="withPNG withBgColor">This page walks you through the process
        of using Inkscape to produce a PNG file that can be used as a background
        image that fades to transparency from left to right. For example, this
        paragraph has a pale green background color, and a PNG background image
        that is pale red on the left and transparent on the right. The paragraph
        after this one has the same PNG background image, but no background
        color specified, so the white background of the <span class="tagName">div</span> containing
        these paragraphs shows through on the right.</p>
        <p class="withPNG">This is a paragraph with a gradient image for the background,
        but no background color specified. If you don&rsquo;t see the fading
        effect, you might need to make your browser window wider. If the red
        part ends abruptly instead of fading off to the right, you are probably
        using IE6 instead of Opera, Firefox, or IE7. (Sorry, I don&rsquo;t have
        a Macintosh for testing the Safari browser.)</p>
    </div>
    <h2>Procedure</h2>
    <div class="whitebox">
      <ol>
        <li>  
          <h5>Start Inkscape, set the document parameters, and save the file.</h5>
          <p class="runin">There is an Inkscape icon on your desktop when you
            use one of the lab computers. At home, you can download a free
            copy from the link at the beginning of this page. When you start
            the program, you will have a window with a blank &ldquo;document&rdquo; in
            it. The default size is not appropriate for the gradient we want
            to work with. Creating images for the web is always a tricky business
            because the image size you pick might not be well suited for a
            particular viewer&rsquo;s browser and window size. For the gradient,
            you can set the height of the image to 1 pixel and let the browser
            repeat it in the Y (vertical) dimension as needed. But the width
            has to have a fixed value because there is no way to specify the
            horizontal fade effect without a width value. Picking the &ldquo;correct&rdquo; width
            depends on a number of factors, including how sharp a drop-off
            in opacity you want, the expected resolutions of your viewers&rsquo; screens
            and the expected sizes of your viewers&rsquo; browser windows.
            There is no way to control the second and third factors, so the
            width to choose becomes something of a best guess issue. I&rsquo;m
            going to suggest 800 pixels, the value used for the gradient in
            the colored paragraphs in the Introduction.</p>
          <p>In Inkscape, use <span class="menuItem">File&rarr;Document Properties</span> to
            open up a panel where you can set a custom document size; make it
            800 pixels wide and 100 pixels high for now. You will resize the
            height later, but for now it will help to have more than 1 pixel
            of height so you can see what you are doing. Note that Inkscape opens
            a new window for the panels where you make settings like this. You
            don&rsquo;t need to close the window for the new settings to take
            effect. The three options in the Border part of the Document Properties
            panel only affect the appearance of the drawing window; they don&rsquo;t
            actually put a border on the image you generate, so you can check
            or uncheck them as you please.</p>
          <p>Save your new document in the <span class="directoryName">images</span> directory
            of your web site, using a descriptive name. I like to put the dimensions
            at the end of the file name; the gradient used on this web page is
            named <span class="fileName">lightRedGradient_800x1.svg</span>, for
            example.</p>
        </li>

        <li>
        
          <h5>Create a rectangle and put a gradient on it.</h5>
          <p class="runin">Go to the toolbar on the left side of the drawing
            window and select the blue rectangle tool if it is not already selected,
            and draw a rectangle in your drawing window. It is probably best
            not to bother trying to draw the rectangle the exact size and position
            you want using the mouse. Instead, draw the rectangle, and then enter
            the X, Y, W and H values (0, 0, 800, and 100) in the text boxes in
            the toolbar above the drawing. Use the <span class="menuItem">View&rarr;Zoom</span> menu
            to make sure the image fits nicely into the drawing window. Note
            that the keyboard shortcut for this is just the number 4. If you
            use Inkscape a lot, its simple keyboard shortcuts can be very convenient
            to use. After getting the image dimensions and zoom set right, click
            the gradient tool (just above the eyedropper tool at the bottom of
            the tool panel on the left side), and drag a gradient from left to
            right across the rectangle. You can start and/or end outside the
            rectangle, and can make an angle instead of just a horizontal line
            if you want to vary the effect. The gradient will probably be shades
            of gray at this stage, which is fine. Type Control-S to save
            your work.</p>
          <p>If you make a mistake, Control-Z will undo whatever you recently did. Editing
            operations are pretty intuitive: select the arrow tool and click on a rectangle
            and you can resize it, click on it again and you can rotate it.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
        
          <h5>Edit the gradient</h5> <p class="runin">To change the color of
            the rectangle/gradient, be sure the rectangle is selected (click
            on it), and choose the <span class="menuItem">Object&rarr;Fill and
            Stroke</span> menu item to open up the Fill and Stroke panel.  Fill
            is used to tell how to fill in the middle of the rectangle, and stroke
            is used to tell how to draw a line around it. There are
            three tabs in the panel, one for fill, one for stroke paint, and
            one for stroke style. There should be no line around the image for
            this project, so go to the middle tab and click the square with an
            X in it to make the stroke disappear. At this point the stroke style
            become irrelevant.</p>
          <p> There are two tasks to do: set the color for the rectangle, and
            possibly to adjust the gradient. Use the left (Fill) tab and note
            that you can have pick from &ldquo;no&rdquo; (X), &ldquo;solid&rdquo;,
            &ldquo;linear&rdquo;, &ldquo;radial&rdquo;, &ldquo;pattern&rdquo;,
            or &ldquo;inherit&rdquo; (?) fill styles. You will use the solid
            fill style to set the color, and then pick the linear fill style
            to get back to your gradient again. When you click on the solid fill
            style, you will see a subpanel that lets you specify the color you
            want using RGB, HSL, or CMYK numerical values and sliders, or a color
            wheel. In all cases, there is an RGBA value shown at the bottom where
            you could type in a hexadecimal color value directly. The fourth
            byte in the RGBA box is the &ldquo;alpha channel&rdquo; which
            ranges from totally transparent (0) to totally opaque (255, or hexadecimal
            FF). For your fill color, you should be sure the A value is FF. Note
            that you could also have picked the color for your rectangle from
            the palette of colors displayed along the bottom of the drawing window.</p>
          <p>Click on the Linear gradient fill style (the third square from the
            left near the top of the panel), and you will see the gradient line
            in the drawing window again. Note that it has a box at each end that
            you can drag to redefine the start and ending points for the gradient.
            These are called &ldquo;stops&rdquo;, and if you both (a) move the
            stops and (b) change the color of a gradient, you will define a new
            gradient. The drop down list in the middle of the Linear gradient
            list will let you pick what gradient you want to work with. At this
            point, you probably have just one, which is fine. If by any chance
            your gradient does not have an alpha value of zero at the right end
            (i.e., if it does not fade out towards the right, you will need to
            edit the right stop. If your gradient looks good, you don&rsquo;t
            need to do anything.</p>
          <p>But if you do need to edit your gradient, select it from the drop
            down list in the middle of the Fill and Stroke window, and click
            the Edit button. Another window opens up, the Gradient Editor. At
            the top of this window, you will see a drop down list of all the
            stops in the gradient, in this case just the first and last ones.
            Each stop is associated with an offset value ranging from 0.0 to
            1.0; if you drew the gradient from left to right, the left end is
            at 0.0, and the right end is at 1.0. Be sure you have the right stop
            selected. There is a slider that will jump to the value 1.0 when
            you have done this. (The slider itself is disabled because you can&rsquo;t
            move the two end stops from the 0.0 and 1.0 endpoint positions.)
            At this point you can just set the RGBA value for that stop in the
            box at the bottom of this panel. Be sure the RGB values are the same
            as the basic color for the gradient, and set the alpha value to 0.</p>
          <p>At this point, your rectangular gradient just look just right! Save
            your SVG file.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
        
          <h5>Export your gradient as a PNG image.</h5>
          <p class="runin">There is a toolbar icon at the top of the drawing
            window for exporting your drawing as a bitmap file. You can also
            use the <span class="menuItem">File&rarr;Export</span> menu item,
            or the Control-Shift-E keyboard shortcut. In any event, you will
            get a new window for specifying just what you want to export. In
            the Export Area section select either Page or Drawing, and the filename
            (at the bottom of the window) will be set to the name of your image
            file, but with a <span class="fileName">.png</span> extension instead
            of <span class="fileName">.svg</span>. Getting the numbers right
            here can be tricky because Inkscape will automatically adjust some
            of them when you change others. Set both x0 and y0 to 0; set 
            x1 and y1 to 800 and 1.0 respectively. This should set Width and
            Height to 800 and 1, and should set the bitmap size to 800x1, probably
            at 90 dpi (dots per inch). Except for dpi, all numbers need to be
            exactly right. When they are, click the Export button, and you should
            now have your new .png file ready to use as a background image in
            your web page.</p>
        </li>
      </ol>
  </div>
</div>
    <div id="footer">
    <hr />
      <p class="links">
        <a href="/">Vickery Home</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;
        <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
        XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;
        <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">
        CSS</a>    </p>
      <p><em>Last updated
        <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME']));
          ?>.</em>    </p>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
