<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if ( (array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml"))
       ||
       (array_key_exists("HTTP_USER_AGENT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator"))
     )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
          "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Working From Off Campus</title>
    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="./favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="all"
            href="../css/style-all.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="screen"
            href="../css/style-screen.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="print"
            href="../css/style-print.css" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id="header">
      <h1>Working From Off Campus</h1>
    </div>
    <div id="content">
      <h2>Introduction</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
        <p>
          If you are not on campus and need to use the specialized software available on the TREE domain computers, your
          choices are either to use the Remote Desktop Connection (RDC) program to log into one of the computers in the
          lab or to get the software you need and to install it on your home computer and work from there.
        </p>
        <p>
          The problem with RDC is that although it is free (it is provided as part of both Windows and OS X), it can be
          very slow to use because every pixel that changes on the screen has to be transmitted from the lab to your home
          computer. Even with a good Internet connection, it can be very slow.
        </p>
        <p>
          Students in CS-343 using the Quartus software in the lab can download a free &ldquo;Web Edition&rdquo; copy of
          the software from the <a href="http://www.altera.com">Altera</a> web site. It&rsquo;s a big download, and you
          have to register with them to get the free license for running the program, but for our purposes it is exactly
          the same as the software that runs in the lab.
        </p>
        <p>
          Students using Dreamweaver and Fireworks, however do not have access to free versions of that software. A
          good, free, programmer&rsquo;s editor will let you edit your code just about as efficiently as you can when
          using Dreamweaver. There are several good alternatives to choose from. For Windows users, you might use <a
          href="http://notepad-plus.sourceforge.net/uk/site.htm">Notepad++</a> or <a href="http://www.vim.org">Vim</a>,
          both of which are also installed on the computers in the lab. <strong> Do not use the Notepad program that
          comes with Windows: it is not a programmer&rsquo;s editor and is not suitable for writing code.</strong>
          Macintosh users might want to try either <a
          href="http://www.barebones.com/products/textwrangler/">TextWrangler</a> or Vim. Linux users probably already
          have a favorite programmer&rsquo;s editor.
        </p>
      </div>

      <h2>Transferring Files</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
        <p>
          The main issue this page deals with is how to get your projects transferred from your off-campus computer to
          the lab so I can check them. You <em>could</em> copy your work onto a USB drive, bring it to The College, and
          transfer it to your account using one of the computers in A-205. Alternatively, you can transfer the files to
          your account over the Internet. Here&rsquo;s how.
        </p>
        <p>
          First, you need a free program that will let you log into your account from off-campus and transfer files to
          (or from) the lab server machine, <span class="computerName">maple</span>. For Windows users, <a
          href="http://winscp.net/eng/index.php">WinSCP</a> is very good, and for Macintosh, <a
          href="http://rsug.itd.umich.edu/software/fugu/">Fugu</a> works very well. There are graphical programs for
          Linux too, but I personally just use <span class="programName">scp</span> from the command line, so I
          can&rsquo;t suggest a particular graphical program.
        </p>
        <p>
          Install your program, and tell it to connect to any computer in the lab (even one that someone else is using at
          the time is okay), giving the username and password for your account. The weird part is that you cannot log
          into <span class="computerName">maple</span> directly, but using <span class="programName">WinSCP</span>, <span
          class="programName">Fugu</span>, or <span class="programName">scp</span>, logging into any computer in the lab
          will give you direct access to your &ldquo;home directory,&rdquo; which is actually located only on <span
          class="computerName">maple</span>. You can copy files and folders between your off-campus computer and your
          home directory using drag and drop if you are using <span class="programName">WinSCP</span> or <span
          class="programName">Fugu</span>. See the <span class="programName">scp</span> &ldquo;man page&rdquo; for how to
          do it from Linux.
        </p>
        <p>
          But you are not done yet. Now you have to copy (or move) your project from your home directory to your roaming
          profile. You cannot do this using <span class="programName">WinSCP</span>, <span
          class="programName">Fugu</span>, or <span class="programName">scp</span>; you have to be logged into one of
          the machines in the lab either by sitting at it or by using RDC. Log in, open Windows Explorer (I suggest
          clicking on the icon for the computer in the upper left corner of the screen), and you will find that you have
          an <span class="directoryName">H:</span> drive in addition to the usual <span class="directoryName">C:</span>
          drive. Open your <span class="codeSnippet">H:</span> drive, and you will find that it contains your home
          directory, the place where you copied your work in the previous step. Just drag your project into the proper
          directory (folder) under <span class="directoryName">My Documents</span>, and you are ready to do a final check
          of your project to make sure nothing went wrong in the transfer process.
        </p>
        <p class="standoutBlock">
          Remember, your work will not be copied to your roaming profile on <span class="computerName">maple</span>,
          where I can access it, until you log out from the computer you are using. To be safe, you should log out of
          the first computer and log into another one to be sure the project got saved to your profile on <span
          class="computerName">maple</span> successfully.
        </p>
      </div>

    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      <a href="../../">Vickery Home</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
         href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
         href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS
       </a>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
