<?php
  $html_attributes="lang=\"en\"";
  if ( array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        (stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml") ||
         stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xml") )
       ||
       (array_key_exists("HTTP_USER_AGENT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator"))
     )
  {
    $html_attributes = "xmlns=\"http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml\" xml:lang=\"en\"";
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    echo "<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"UTF-8\"?>\n";
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html <?php echo "$html_attributes";?>>
  <head>
    <title>CS-081 Assignment 5</title>
    <link rel="shortcut-icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/assignments.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/assignments-print.css" media="print" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"                 href="css/assignment_04.css" />
  </head>
  <body id='urn:uuid:2477EE70-DDE8-4C91-8CC9-8BD77BF46C41'>
    <h1>CS-081 Assignment 5</h1>
    <section id="content">
    	<section>
      	<h1>Reading Assignments</h1>
        <p>
					Continuing to work on material from Chapter 4. We covered the Box Model (pages 106-113) in class, but are not
          doing much with it yet. This assignment deals with Advanced Selectors, some of which are covered in the
          book starting on page 117.
        </p>
        <p>
        	The text covers some of the New Selectors available in CSS3, which you will be using in this assignment, in
          Chapter 12, starting on page 304.
        </p>
        <p>
        	But the definitive specification of all CSS3 selectors is the one shown in class on October 28, the W3C
          specification at <a href="http://www.w3.org/TR/css3-selectors/">www.w3.org/TR/css3-selectors/</a>.
        </p>
      </section>
      <section>
        <h1>Coding Assignment</h1>
        <ol>
          <li>
          	<h5>
              Remove all <span class="attribute-name">class</span> and <span class="attribute-name">id</span>
              attributes from <span class="file-name">index.xhtml</span>.
            </h5>
            <p>
            	Doing this will “break” most of what you accomplished in <a href="Assignment_04.xhtml">Assignment 4</a>.
            </p>
            <p>
            	Verify that the effects you created in Assignment 4 no longer work.
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
          	<h5>
							Edit the selectors in your stylesheet so that the web page looks the same as it did in Assignment 4.
            </h5>
            <p>
            	There is no strict rule that you have to follow here: you can use any CSS3 selectors you wish so that
              each rule applies to exactly the same elements as it did when you were able to use classes and ids. The
              idea is to identify the position in the DOM tree for the elements each rule is to effect, and then to
              choose selectors to pick just those elements.
            </p>
            <p>
            	Be sure the web page looks exactly the same as it did for Assignment 4 when you finish, and be sure both
              the XTHML and CSS code validates with no errors and just the one XHTML warning.
            </p>
          </li>
        </ol>
      </section>
      <section>
        <h1>Submit the Assignment</h1>
        <p>
          When your page is ready for me to review, send an email message to 
          <a href="mailto:Christopher.Vickery@qc.cuny.edu?subject=CS-081%20Assignment%205">
          Christopher.Vickery@qc.cuny.edu</a>
          with <span class="code-snippet">CS&#x2011;081&#160;Assignment&#160;5</span> as the Subject line.
          All you have to do is to put your name in the
          body of the message so that I know who sent the message. I will then copy your website from your profile on
          the server (oak) in the lab to the web server on babbage, where I will verify that it works correctly.
        </p>
        <ul class="standout-block">
          <li><span class=""></span>
            The web server on babbage is on a case-sensitive file system. That means that if you don't capitalize file
            and directory names exactly right, your site will no longer work when it is copied to babbage, even though
            it may have worked perfectly well in the lab, where the file system is case-insensitive. Be sure the name
            of you web page is <span class="filename">index.xhtml</span> using all lowercase letters.
          </li>
          <li>
            Your site will not be copied to the DocumentRoot on babbage, so any links with absolute pathnames (ones
            that start with a <code>/</code> character) will not work: make sure that all internal links in your site
            use relative, not absolute, pathnames. This is not an issue for this assignment (there are no internal links),
            but important to keep in mind for future assignments.
          </li>
        </ul>
      </section>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <a href="../syllabus.xhtml">Course Syllabus</a>
      <a href="./">Schedule</a>
      <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>
      <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer?profile=css3">CSS</a>
      <em>Page last updated <?php echo date('Y-m-d', filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])); ?></em>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>
