<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if ( array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
       stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
       stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator") )
  {
    $content_type = "application/xhtml+xml";
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>");
  }
  else
  {
    $content_type = "text/html";
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
                      "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>CS-081 Assignment 2</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="<?php echo $content_type;?>; charset=UTF-8" />
    <link rel="shortcut-icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/assignments.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/assignments-print.css" media="print" />
  </head>
  <body id='urn:uuid:72E037E8-EE39-4E01-A0D5-D7D606B88A67'>
    <h1>CS-081 Assignment 2</h1>
    <div id="content">
      <h2>The Assignment</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          This assignment deals with lecture material covered in class during classes 5-7.
          Review your class notes, consult chapters 1-3 of the textbook, and set up your course web site with one
          web page as follows:
        </p>
        <ol>
          <li>
            <h5>Make sure you can log into your account and save your work in the TREE domain.</h5>
            <p>
              You should have done this already, but if you have not already done so, be sure you can log into
              your account in SB A-205, the Computer Science Department’s “TREE Lab.” Information on how to do this,
              both from within the lab and from off campus, is available at the <a href="../../TREE_Lab/index.xhtml">
              TREE Lab Information</a> web page.
            </p>
            <p class="standout-block">
              If you log in from off-campus, you have to put <code>TREE\</code> in front of your user name in order
              to log into the TREE domain. If you leave it out, the system will not let you log in.
            </p>
            <p>
              Be sure to test the “roaming profile” feature described in that web page.
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <h5>Set up your web site in Dreamweaver</h5>
            <p>
              We went over this in class, but now is the time to be sure you can do it. There is a web page,
              <a href="../using_dreamweaver.xhtml">Dreamweaver Setup</a> that will guide you. But that web page was
              written for Dreamweaver CS4 and XHTML 1.1, and has not yet been updated for Dreamweaver CS5 and
              HTML5 yet. So there will be
              minor differences between what is there and what you will actually encounter in the lab. In particular,
              ignore everything it says about <span class="filename">template.zip</span> and 
              <span class="filename">template.xhtml</span> for now.
            </p>
            <p>
              Set up your <span class="directory-name">My Website</span> directory as your site’s local directory,
              and <span class="directory-name">C:\htdocs</span> as the remote server, as demonstrated in class on
              September 23.
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <h5>Create an index page for your web site</h5>
            <p>
              Create a new HTML document named <span class="file-name">index.html</span> (not
              <span class="file-name">index.xhtml</span>). Open it in the Dreamweaver code editor, and edit it so it
              looks like this:
            </p>
            <div class="code-block">
&lt;!doctype html>
&lt;html lang="en">
  &lt;head>
    &lt;title>&lt;/title>
    &lt;meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8">
  &lt;/head>
  &lt;body>
  &lt;/body>
&lt;/html>
            </div>
            <p>
              The two significant differences between the above code and what you might get when Dreamweaver creates
              the file for you are:
            </p>
            <ol>
              <li>
                The code you are to use is properly indented to show the nesting structure of the elements. Indenting
                your code properly is a requirement for all code you submit for assignments in this course.
                <p class='standout-block'>
                  Proper code indentation is a requirement, but you have to get everything else right before I start
                  enforcing it.
                </p>
              </li>
              <li>
                There is a <span class="attribute-name">lang</span> attribute added to the 
                <span class="tag-name">html</span> start tag. As mentioned in class, this is to aid screen readers
                pronounce the text in your web page correctly, but will not otherwise affect it.
              </li>
            </ol>
          </li>
          <li>
            <h5>Add a title and heading to your web page, and make sure you can view it.</h5>
            <p>
              Make up a clever title for your web page, and put it in the <span class="tag-name">title</span> element.
              Repeat the same text as the content of an <span class="tag-name">h1</span> in the body part of the page.
            </p>
            <p>
              Save your web page, and verify that you can view it (using whatever browser you like) using
              “tilde notation” in the URL.
            </p>
            <p>
              Save your web page to the “remote” server, and make sure you can access it from your computer’s
              document root.
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <h5>Add some paragraphs of dummy text and an ordered list to your web page.</h5>
            <p>
              Go to the web site, <a href="http://lipsum.com">lipsum.com</a>. After you read the page and learn what
              it is all about, click the “Generate Lorem Ipsum” button to generate 5 paragraphs of Lorem Ipsum text.
              Copy just those five paragraphs of Latin text into your web page, inside the body, right after the
              <span class="tag-name">h1</span> element. Enclose each paragraph in paragraph tags.
            </p>
            <p class="standout-block">
              These paragraphs will make your code very hard to read and will totally destroy the indentation structure
              you set up at the beginning. Add line breaks and indentation to make the paragraphs nested inside the
              body, and the Latin text indented inside the paragraph tags. Select all the code in your web page
              (<span class="menu-item">Edit->Select All or Ctrl-A)</span>, right-click, and choose the 
              <span class="menu-item">Selection</span> menu to convert all the tabs to spaces.
            </p>
            <p>
            	Save your web page and view it in a browser. Make sure the paragraphs look like paragraphs, not just
              run-together text.
            </p>
         		<p>
            	Add an ordered list to the end of your web page (after the paragraphs, but inside the body) with three
              list items. Put a few words of dummy text in each list item. Make sure the code is indented properly,
              convert the tabs to spaces, save the file, and check to make sure it looks right in a browser. 
            </p>
          </li>
        </ol>
      </div>
      <h2>Submit The Assignment</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          When your page is ready for me to review send an email message to 
          <a href="mailto:Christopher.Vickery@qc.cuny.edu?subject=CS-081 Assignment 2">Christopher.Vickery@qc.cuny.edu</a>
          with <code>CS-081 Assignment 2</code> as the Subject line. All you have to do is to put your name in the
          body of the message so that I know who sent the message. I will then copy your website from your profile on
          the server (oak) in the lab to the web server on babbage, where I will verify that it works correctly.
        </p>
        <ul class="standout-block">
          <li><span class=""></span>
            The web server on babbage is on a case-sensitive file system. That means that if you don’t capitalize file
            and directory names exactly right, your site will no longer work when it is copied to babbage, even though
            it may have worked perfectly well in the lab, where the file system is case-insensitive. Be sure the name
            of you web page is <span class="filename">index.html</span> using all lowercase letters.
          </li>
          <li>
            Your site will not be copied to the DocumentRoot on babbage: make sure that all links in your site use
            relative, not absolute, pathnames. This is not an issue for this assignment (there are no links), but
            important to keep in mind for future assignments.
          </li>
        </ul>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      <a href="../syllabus.xhtml">Course Syllabus</a>
      <a href="./">Schedule</a>
      <em>Page last updated <?php echo date('Y-m-d', filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])); ?></em>
      <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>
      <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer?profile=css3">CSS</a>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
