<?php
  $this_dir = opendir('.');
  $this_link = "";
  $this_year = "";
  $this_term = "";
  while ($dir_entry = readdir($this_dir))
  {
    if (is_dir($dir_entry) && preg_match('/(\d{4})_(\d{2})/', $dir_entry, $year_term))
    {
      $this_year = $year_term[1];
      $this_term = ($year_term[2] === '02') ? 'Spring' : 'Fall';
      $this_link = $dir_entry;
    }
  }

  header("Vary: Accept");
  if (array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
  stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
  stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator")
  )
  {
      header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
      header("Last-Modified: "
      .gmdate('r', filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
      print ("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"
  ?>
  \n");
  }
  else
  {
  header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
?>  <!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>CS-90.3 Syllabus</title>
    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="./favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="all" href="../css/style-all.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="screen" href="../css/style-screen.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="print" href="../css/style-print.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="all" href="../css/syllabus.css" />
  </head>
  <body>
      <h1>CS-90.3: Information and Intelligence<br/>Syllabus</h1>
      <?php
        echo <<<EOT
        <p id='current-semester-link'>
          [<a href='$this_link'>Schedule and Assignments for $this_term $this_year</a>]
        </p>
EOT;
       ?>
      <div class="standout-block">
        This syllabus gives the intended structure and requirements for this course, but the actual
        topics and amount of time spent on each topic varies from semester to semester.  The course
        schedule for this semester, including exam dates and assignments to be handed in, is on <a
        href="<?php echo $this_link;?>">this semester’s schedule page</a>.
      </div>
      <h2>Course Objectives</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          This syllabus is not ready yet.
        </p>
        <p>
          Students who complete this course successfully will be able to:
        </p>
        <ul id="rubrics">
          <li>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <h2>Instructor</h2>
      <div>
        The instructor for the course is Dr. Christopher Vickery. See <a
        href="../../contact_info.xhtml">Dr. Vickery’s Contact Information and Office Hours</a> for
        that information.
      </div>
      <h2>Course Structure and Assessment</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          There are two 75 minute class meetings per week. Attendance will not be taken (except at
          the beginning of the semester to verify your registration for the course), but students
          who often miss class will probably fail the course. The reading assignments for the course
          are listed below, and will be broken down further in the course schedule page for the
          semester.
        </p>
        <h3>Assignments</h3>
        <h3>Grading</h3>
        <p>
          Grades are posted on the web as soon as they are available.
        </p>
        <p class="standout-block">
          Exam and assignment grades become permanent one week after they have been posted, even if
          there has been a scoring error.  Be sure to check that your exam was scored correctly and
          that the correct grade has been recorded (using the &ldquo;Check My Grades&rdquo; form on
          the course schedule page) as soon as exams are returned.
        </p>
        <p>
          The College has a standard policy for converting course averages into letter grades, which
          I follow mechanically, except I compute fractional course averages and round
          to the nearest integer, which gives you half a point of automatic grade inflation. For example,
          the college policy specifies a grade of B+ for course averages between 87 and 90: because of
          rounding, that means that any score between 86.5 and 89.5 is a B+.
        </p>
      </div>
      <h2>Reference Material</h2>
      <div>
        <ul>
          <li>James Gleick, <em>The Information</em>. Pantheon, 2011. ISBN-13: 978-0375423727</li>
          <li>Brian Christian, <em>The Most Human Human</em>. Doubleday, 2011. ISBN-13: 978-0385533065</li>
          <li>Edward Tufte, <em>Beautiful Evidence</em>, Graphics Press, 2006. ISBN-13: 978-0961392178
          </li>
        </ul>
        <h3>Notes:</h3>
        <ul>
          <li>Both the Gleick and Christian books are available in electronic format. Both are <strong>required</strong>.
          </li>
          <li>Prof. Tufte has offerred to make copies of <em>Beautiful Evidence</em> 
            available to students in this course for $10 each (below cost).
          </li>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <h2>Topics</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          Here is an idealized schedule of topics and assignments for the course. The actual
          assignments <a href="<?php echo $this_link; ?>">are posted on a separate page</a>.
        </p>
        <table>
          <tr>
            <th>Classes</th><th>Topics</th><th>Assignments</th>
          </tr>
          <tr>
          	<th>1-2</th>
            <td></td>
            <td></td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
          	<th>14</th>
            <td colspan="2" class='no-assignment'>Midterm Exam</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
          	<th></th>
            <td colspan="2" class='no-assignment'>Final Exam</td>
          </tr>
        </table>
      </div>

    <div id="footer">
      <a  href="../../">Vickery&nbsp;Home</a>&mdash;<a
          href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>&mdash;<a
          href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a>&mdash;Last updated
      <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])); ?>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>

