<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if (  array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator")
      )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">

  <head>

    <title>CS-343 Assignment 5</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="../../css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/style-print.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="all"
          href="../../css/assignments.css" />
  </head>

  <body>
    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-343 Assignment 5<br />Spring 2009</h1>
    </div>
    <div id="content">
      <h2>Introduction</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
        <p>
          This assignment covers the design of the single-cycle per instruction MIPS processor developed
          in the first part of Chapter 4 of the textbook.
        </p>
        <p>
          This assignment is based on sections 4.1 through 4.4 (pages 300-330) of the textbook.
        </p>
      </div>
      <h2>The Assignment</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
        <h3>
          Redraw Figure 4.22</h3>
        <p>
          Figure 4.22 on page 327 is a truth table, but it doesn&rsquo;t look like one. Redraw it in
          &ldquo;conventional&rdquo; form, with six input columns on the left, and nine output columns on the
          right. Normally, a truth table with six input variables would have 64 rows, but you only need
          to fill in the four rows given in Figure 4.22 for your answer.
        </p>
        <h3>Answer Exercises 4.1 and 4.2</h3>
        <p>
          Each exercise has two sets of three questions, for a total of 12 questions. Each set of questions
          is preceeded by a table with two rows labeled &ldquo;a&rdquo; and &ldquo;b.&rdquo; You are
          to answer the12 questions based on the &ldquo;b&rdquo; row of each table.
        </p>
        <h3>Extra Credit</h3>
        <p>
          This assignment, like all homework assignment in this course, is scored on a two-point scale (&ldquo;ok&rdquo;
          is 2 points; &ldquo;late&rdquo; or &ldquo;not ok&rdquo; is 1 point; &ldquo;good&rdquo; is extra credit: 3
          points). You can get an extra &ldquo;ok&rdquo; added to your homework score for the course by completing all
          12 questions based on the &ldquo;a&rdquo; rows of the tables.
        </p>
      </div>

      <h2>Submit The Assignment</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
        <ul>
          <li>
            This is a hand-in-on-paper assigment. Bring your written answers to class on the due date.
          </li>
          <li>
            See <a href="../index.xhtml">the course syllabus</a> for grading and late homework policies.
          </li>
        </ul>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      <a href="../../../">Vickery Home</a> &mdash; <a href="../">CS-343 Home</a> &mdash;
      <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a> &mdash;
      <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a> &mdash;
      Last updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])); ?>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>

