<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if (  array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator")
      )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">

  <head>

    <title>CS-343 Assignment 2</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="../../css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/style-print.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="all"
          href="../../css/assignments.css" />
  </head>

  <body>
    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-343 Assignment 2<br />Spring 2009</h1>
    </div>
    <div id="content">
      <h2>Introduction</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
      	This is an exercise for getting familiar with the laboratory facility used for this course.
      </div>
      <h2>The Assignment</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
      	<ol>
        	<li>
          	Be sure you can log onto your account in the Computer Science Department&rsquo;s TREE lab and that your &ldquo;roaming
          	profile&rdquo; works. Follow the directions on the <a href="../../TREE_Lab/index.xhtml">TREE Lab Information</a> web page.
          </li>
          <li>
          	Implement and test the full adder project described in the <a href="../Using_Quartus.xhtml">Using Quartus</a> web page. Be sure
            to use exactly the directory names used in that document. You should end up with a <span class="directoryName">My Projects</span>
            directory under your <span class="directoryName">My Documents</span> directory, and <span class="directoryName">My Projects</span>
            should be completely empty except for a subdirectory named <span class="directoryName">Full_Adder</span>.
          </li>
          <li>
          	If you have problems with your roaming profile, you may copy your <span class="directoryName">My Projects</span> directory to your
            <span class="directoryName">H:\</span> directory on Oak. (You might want to do this anyway just to have an extra copy of your project;
            it&rsquo;s not the same as backing up your work onto a flash drive because your roaming profile and your home directory are both kept
            on the same disk on the server, so a disk crash will wipe out both. But it wouldn&rsquo;t hurt.)
          </li>
        </ol>
      </div>

      <h2>Submit The Assignment</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
        <ul>
          <li>
            When you have finished testing your project and it works, send me an email to tell me that it is ready. I will copy the project from
            your profile directory on Oak and check it out.
          </li>
          <li>
          	If you had romaing profile problems and your project exists only in your home directory, tell me that in the body of your email
            message.
          </li>
          <li class="standout-block">
          	The subject line of your email must be <span class="codeSnippet">CS-343 Assignment 2</span>, spelled and capitalized just like that.
          </li>
          <li class="standout-block">
          	Be sure to sign your email with your real name, especially if it is not totally obvious from the name of your email account, in order
            to receive credit for the assignment.
          </li>
          <li>
            Send your email to either Christopher.Vickery<span class="at" title="Change to @">AT</span>qc.cuny.edu or
            vickery<span class="at" title="Change to @">AT</span>babbage.cs.qc.cuny.edu &mdash; but not to both.
          </li>
          <li>
            See <a href="../index.xhtml">the course syllabus</a> for grading and late homework policies.
          </li>
        </ul>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      <a href="../../../">Vickery Home</a> &mdash; <a href="../">CS-343 Home</a> &mdash;
      <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a> &mdash;
      <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a> &mdash;
      Last updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])); ?>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>

