# CS-343 AT3RA (3018) - Spring 2009
awm086@gmail.com                3384 Almustafa  Ali
ruthansah@aol.com               2569 Ansah      Ruth
samanzaroot@gmail.com           4186 Anzaroot   Sam
nigelchen84@gmail.com           1133 Chen       Zhenzhao
russel2468@yahoo.com            3548 D'Costa    Alvin
gemingmin@hotmail.com           6623 Ge         Mingmin
asif316@hotmail.com             4656 Hussain    Asif
leewangzhong@yahoo.com          6887 Lee        Franklin
djeuropa@gmail.com              2984 Legin      Miroslav
lingxili@gmail.com              8005 Li         Lingxi
xiaolin87@gmail.com             0725 Lin        Xiao
mahmooddanish@yahoo.com         0553 Mahmood    Danish
b.mcgue1@gmail.com              0524 McGue      Brandon  
spywx2003@gmail.com             4941 Moussa     Islam
hmunir100@qc.cuny.edu           9087 Munir      Hunain
tcaopham@yahoo.com              2035 Pham       Tung
kate_shmul@yahoo.com            7204 Shmulenson Yekaterina
szealle@gmail.com               1193 Sze        Allen
byronscot@nyc.rr.com            4273 Velasquez  Byron
wang_fred0042@yahoo.com.cn      1188 Wang       Changnan
newtiger162@yahoo.com           8003 Zhang      Xinhu
vickery@babbage.cs.qc.cuny.edu  9999 Student    Perfect
cvickery@gmail.com              9999 Student    Perfect
