<?php
  $mime_type = "text/html";
  $html_attributes="lang=\"en\"";
  if ( array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        (stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml") ||
         stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xml") )
       ||
       (array_key_exists("HTTP_USER_AGENT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator"))
     )
  {
    $mime_type = "application/xhtml+xml";
    $html_attributes = "xmlns=\"http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml\" xml:lang=\"en\"";
    header("Content-type: $mime_type");
    echo "<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"UTF-8\"?>\n";
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: $mime_type; charset=utf-8");
  }
?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html <?php echo $html_attributes;?>>
  <head>
    <title>CSCI 100 Assignment 7</title>
    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/assignments.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/assignments-print.css"
    />
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>CSCI 100 Assignment 7</h1>
    <h2>Human Human Chapters 0-3</h2>
    <div>
      <h3>Video Assignment</h3>
      <p>
        <a href='http://www.ted.com/talks/leah_buechley_how_to_sketch_with_electronics.html'>
          How to sketch with electronics.
        </a></p>
      <h3>Reading Assignment</h3>
      <p>
        Read chapters 0-3 of the Christian book.
      </p>
      <h3>Questions</h3>
      <div>
        <p>
          Write a well-structured paragraph to answer each of the following questions.
        </p>
        <ol>
          <li>
            Describe what you would build if you had access to one of the kits shown in the
            video. Tell what it would do and how it would work.
          </li>
          <li>
            Claude Shannon married a computer. Explain.
          </li>
          <li>
            Ivana was a robot. Explain.
          </li>
          <li>
            Make gramatically correct version of “the sentence” using the idea of a
            “featherless biped” in the second part. Does this seem like a good definition?
          </li>
          <li>
            “... the Turing test is, at the bottom, about the act of communication." (p13)
            How did Shannon's development of information theory also deal with “the act of
            communication?”
          </li>
          <li>
            Describe the Turing test and what it attempts to determine.
          </li>
          <li>
            Why is the Turing test like speed dating?
          </li>
          <li>
            Google uses Artificial Intelligence to figure out the best answers for
            queries, in part, by keeping track of which links people click on when given
            search results. They use a similar technique for doing translating among
            languages, see <a href='http://translate.google.com/about/'>How does it
            work?</a> Explain how this relates to the description of how Cleverbot works.
          </li>
          <li>
            Does Brian Christian think the Google approach would be good for translating a
            novel?
          </li>
          <li>
            The section on “Statefulness” explains the concept of a state-less
            conversation. State is also an essential component in the design of the
            Teagueduino binary counter. Explain how the concepts of “state” and “next”
            apply to the binary counter.
          </li>
          <li>
            What claim did Desartes make about the pineal gland?
          </li>
          <li>
            If you were a judge in a Turing test contest, how would you find out if there
            is a soul at the other end of the line?
          </li>
        </ol>
      </div>
    </div>
    <footer>
      <a href='.'>Course Schedule</a>
      <a target='_blank' href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">Validate XHTML</a>
      <a target='_blank' href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer?profile=css3">
      Validate CSS</a>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>
