<?php
  $mime_type = "text/html";
  $html_attributes="lang=\"en\"";
  if ( array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        (stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml") ||
         stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xml") )
       ||
       (array_key_exists("HTTP_USER_AGENT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator"))
     )
  {
    $mime_type = "application/xhtml+xml";
    $html_attributes = "xmlns=\"http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml\" xml:lang=\"en\"";
    header("Content-type: $mime_type");
    echo "<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"UTF-8\"?>\n";
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: $mime_type; charset=utf-8");
  }
?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html <?php echo $html_attributes;?>>
  <head>
    <title>CSCI 100 Assignment 5</title>
    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/assignments.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/assignments-print.css"
    />
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>CSCI 100 Assignment 5</h1>
    <h2>Codes</h2>
    <div>
      <h3>Written Exercises</h3>
      <div>
        <ol>
          <li>
            What feature of African languages made it so difficult for Europeans to
            understand how drumming languages work? How many symbols do drumming languages
            use, and what are those symbols? What information cannot be encoded using
            those symbols, and how do the drumming languages communicate the information
            that cannot be encoded using those symbols?
            <p>
              Write your answers to the above questions as a short essay. That is, instead
              of simply writing answers to each question separately, structure your
              answers as a coherent description of how drumming languages work and how
              they relate to other languages. Your essay should be 2-3 paragraphs long. Do
              not quote Gleick directly, but cite his work in your essay. Use any citation
              format you are familiar with.
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
            How many symbols does Morse Code use, and what are they? How many symbols are
            there per character, and how many per word? You can’t answer those questions
            with numbers, so how would you go about answering them? In your answer,
            include an explanation of <a
            href='http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Morse_code_tree3.png'>the Morse Code
            tree diagram distributed in class on October 5</a>.
          </li>
          <li>
            How many symbols do binary codes use to represent information? How many binary
            symbols are used to represent a character using the ASCII code? Using
            ISO-Latin-1? Using Unicode? To represent sound pressure level on an audio CD?
          </li>
          <li>
            Make up a binary code to represent the classic colors of the rainbow: red,
            orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo and violet. What is the theoretical
            minimum number of bits you would have needed for each color, and why did you
            have to use more?
            <p>
              What you needed to do was to assign binary numbers to colors. Now assign
              different binary numbers to the same seven colors. That is, make up a second
              code.
            </p>
            <p>
              Computer displays typically display colored dots (pixels) as combinations of
              red, green, and blue lights of different intensities. The intensity levels
              vary from 0 (no light) to 255 (maximum amount of light) for each color
              channel. On the web, <em>rgb(0,0,0)</em> represents the color with the
              red, green, and blue channels all set to the minimm, which is black.
              <em>rgb(255,0,0)</em> is a mix of maximum red, no green, and no blue, which
              is a pure red. <em>rgb(255,255,0)</em> is maximum red and green, and no
              blue, which is yellow.
            </p>
            <p>
              How many bits are needed to represent all the values from 0 to 255?
            </p>
            <p>
              Write an expression using exponents, multiplication, and addition that
              gives the total number of different colors that a pixel can have.
            </p>
            <p>
              What rgb values would produce a white pixel?
            </p>
            <p>
              What color would <em>rgb(127,127,127)</em> represent?
            </p>
          </li>
        </ol>
        <p>
          You may submit this assignment either on paper or by email. If you send it by
          email be sure to use “CSCI 100 Assignment 5” as the subject and to put your name
          some place in the message body.
        </p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <footer>
      <a href='.'>Course Schedule</a>
      <a target='_blank' href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">Validate XHTML</a>
      <a target='_blank' href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer?profile=css3">
      Validate CSS</a>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>
