<?php
  $mime_type = "text/html";
  $html_attributes="lang=\"en\"";
  if ( array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        (stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml") ||
         stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xml") )
       ||
       (array_key_exists("HTTP_USER_AGENT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator"))
     )
  {
    $mime_type = "application/xhtml+xml";
    $html_attributes = "xmlns=\"http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml\" xml:lang=\"en\"";
    header("Content-type: $mime_type");
    echo "<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"UTF-8\"?>\n";
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: $mime_type; charset=utf-8");
  }
?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html <?php echo $html_attributes;?>>
  <head>
    <title>CSCI 100 Assignment 4</title>
    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/assignments.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/assignments-print.css"
    />
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>CSCI 100 Assignment 4</h1>
    <h2>Audio Encoding</h2>
    <div>
      <h3>Laboratory Exercises</h3>
      <div>
        There are two programs available for you to use to explore how audio signals are
        digitized:
        <ul>
          <li><a href="../../Audio_Sampling">Audio Sampling</a></li>
          <li><a href="../../Fourier_Synthesis">Fourier Synthesis</a></li>
        </ul>
        <p>
          The audio sampling program is designed to help you visualize the effects of
          sampling rate and bits per sample when an analog signal, on the left, is
          digitized to produce the waveform displayed on the right.
        </p>
        <p>
          The Fourier Synthesis program is designed to help you visualize how complex
          sound waves can be generated by mixing a small number of sine waves. If you are
          familiar with audio equipment, an equalizer is a device that varies the
          amplitudes of the frequency components of sounds.
        </p>
        <p>
          The first program deals with the concepts covered in class on September 13; the
          second one is extra material intended to get beyond simple sine waves. Try them
          both before class if you can; we’ll go over them both in class on the assignment
          due date.
        </p>
      </div>
      <h3>Written Exercises</h3>
      <div>
        <ol>
          <li>
            The <em>frequency</em> or <em>rate</em> with which something happens can be
            measured n <em>Hertz</em> (abbreviated Hz). Something that happens one time
            per second has a frequency of one Hertz (1 Hz). Something that happens two
            times per second has a frequency of 2 Hz. What is the frequency of something
            that happens 10 times per second? Your answer must specify both the number and
            the unit of measure (Hz).
          </li>
          <li>
            If audio sampling is done 100 times per second, what is the sampling rate?
          </li>
          <li>
            K is the abbreviation for 1,000. You can combine it with a rate measure to get
            KHz. How many samples per second is 44.1 KHz? Write out the complete number.
          </li>
          <li>
            The sampling rate for CD-quality audio is 44.1 KHz, and for stereo, there are
            two audio channels. How many samples will be taken when digitizing CD-quality
            audio for 10 seconds in stereo?
          </li>
          <li>
            If each audio sample is saved as a 16-bit number, how many bits will be needed
            to store to store 10 seconds of CD-quality audio in stereo?
          </li>
          <li>
            1 M = 1000 K. How many bits are needed in order to store one hour of
            CD-quality audio? Answer in Mb ("megabits").
          </li>
        </ol>
        <p>
          You may submit this assignment either on paper or by email.
        </p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <footer>
      <a href='.'>Course Schedule</a>
      <a target='_blank' href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">Validate XHTML</a>
      <a target='_blank' href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer?profile=css3">
      Validate CSS</a>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>
