<?php
  $mime_type = "text/html";
  $html_attributes="lang=\"en\"";
  if ( array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        (stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml") ||
         stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xml") )
       ||
       (array_key_exists("HTTP_USER_AGENT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator"))
     )
  {
    $mime_type = "application/xhtml+xml";
    $html_attributes = "xmlns=\"http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml\" xml:lang=\"en\"";
    header("Content-type: $mime_type");
    echo "<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"UTF-8\"?>\n";
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: $mime_type; charset=utf-8");
  }
?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html <?php echo $html_attributes;?>>
  <head>
    <title>CSCI 100 Assignment 1</title>
    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/assignments.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/assignments-print.css"
    />
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>CSCI 100 Assignment 1</h1>
    <h2>“The Setup” Essay</h2>
    <div>
      <p>
        The web site <a href='http://usesthis.com'>usesthis.com</a> is more commonly known
        as “The Setup” because it asks people (usually, but not always, notable geeks)
        what their <em>setup</em> is through a stock series of five questions:
      </p>
      <ol>
        <li>Who are you and what do you do?</li>
        <li>What hardware do you use?</li>
        <li>And what software?</li>
        <li>What would be your dream setup?</li>
      </ol>
      <p>
        Your assignment is to introduce yourself by writing your own answers to those four
        questions. Look over some of the responses on The Setup web site, and you will see
        that there is considerable latitude in how the questions are answered: feel free
        to be creative.
      </p>
      <p>
        Write your answers so they look like the ones on the web site, but on paper. If
        you know how to do it, it is all right to submit a web page instead of a word
        processing document, but you do <em>not</em> need to include hyperlinks to
        anything.
      </p>
      <p>
        Submit the assignment by midnight of the due date by sending it to me by email.
        Be sure to say, “CSCI 100 Assignment 1” in the subject of your message, and be
        sure your name is in the answer to the first question!
      </p>
    </div>
    <footer>
      <a href='.'>Course Schedule</a>
      <a target='_blank' href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">Validate XHTML</a>
      <a target='_blank' href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer?profile=css3">
      Validate CSS</a>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>
