<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if ( (array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml"))
       ||
       (array_key_exists("HTTP_USER_AGENT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator"))
     )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
          "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>

    <title>CS-081 Assignment 3</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/style-all.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="../../css/style-screen.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/style-print.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="css/assignments.css" />
  </head>

  <body>

    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-081 Assignment 3</h1>
    </div>

    <div id="content">
      <h2>Introduction</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          The assignment is to decide what information will go on the home page of a client&rsquo;s
          new blog that you have been hired to build.
        </p>
        <p>
          We are going to pretend that you have a client who has hired you to provide him or her with
          a blog site. Blogs are complicated beasts because bloggers customize them in various ways
          and, ultimately, they must be integrated with a Content Management System (CMS), which is
          tech-talk for a database that keeps a record of blog posts and (if the site allows them) the
          associated comments readers make on those posts. But long before the blog goes public, there
          is a lot of preparatory work that has to take place as you and your client decide just what
          type of blog to develop, what the content of the blog will be, and how that content will be
          presented on the blog&rsquo;s web pages.
        </p>
        <p>
          The last stage before the site is developed &ldquo;for real&rdquo; and connected to a CMS, is often
          to develop prototype designs that let the client look at various design styles and ways of using
          the site. One prototype then becomes the basis for building the actual site.
        </p>
        <p>
          A common strategy for designing web site prototypes is to use a drawing program like Photoshop or
          Illustrator to create an image that looks like the proposed site. This type of prototype is either
          discarded when the real site is built, or may actually be sliced up into a set of images that make
          up the actual site. The problem with this approach is that once an image has been approved and the
          coding process begun, there is very little flexibility for making design changes without impacting
          other parts of the design in significant ways.
        </p>
        <p>
          A better approach, arguably, is to build the prototype as real web pages using real HTML and real CSS.
          The advantage is that it is easy to see how users interact with the site, and changes can be
          incorporated more easily during the coding phase than using the drawn-image approach. As you might
          guess, given that this is a course on HTML and CSS coding, this approach is the one we will be
          following.
        </p>
        <p>
          The &ldquo;blog project&rdquo; will span multiple assignments for this course. In this assignment,
          you will pick your client and do some initial content analysis for the blog.
        </p>
      </div>

      <h2>Pick Your Client</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          Normally, clients hire web developers, but for this course it works the other way around: you get to
          pick your client!
        </p>
        <p>
          In the real world, blogs are usually set up using some sort of template system where the blogger
          picks one of several basic templates, and then &ldquo;tweaks&rdquo; various features to customize
          the basic template. For example, the <a href="http://blogs.qc.cuny.edu">blogs Queens College</a>
          use Moveable Type&reg; this way. But you are going to be working with a discerning client who wants
          to create a truly unique blog site that stands above the run of the mill sites that are generated
          from templates. (We&rsquo;ll ignore for the moment that hiring a student who is taking a first course
          in web design might not be the best way to achieve this goal; after all, the instructor&rsquo;s
          reputation has to be taken into account.)
        </p>

        <h2>Different Blogs For Different Blokes.</h2>
        <p>
          People create blogs for different reasons, and the type of blog affects the content. Here are some
          examples, presented as descriptions of clients who wants to create each sort of blog.
        </p>
        <ul id="bloggers">
          <li>
            <h3>The Fashonista</h3>
            <p>
              <span class="bloggerName">Anna Winters</span> comments on all things fashion-related almost
              every day. She has comments to make, pictures (sometimes, many pictures) to show, and links
              to advertisers. She often leaves comments at <a
              href="http://iamfashion.blogspot.com">iamfashion.blogspot.com</a>.
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <h3>The Technoratist</h3>
            <p>
              <span class="bloggerName">Kevin Hanks</span> writes a blog entry whenever he discovers a new
              web design technique that he wants to share with the world. He has written a book that he wants
              people to buy. In fact, his blog is really a means of showing off his technical skills so that
              people will buy his book and/or hire him to design their web sites. Entries tend to be several
              pages long, with an occasional diagram or code example. He thinks that Peter-Paul Koch has done
              a good job at <a href="http://www.quirksmode.com">quirksmode.com</a>
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <h3>The Photographer</h3>
            <p>
              <span class="bloggerName">Kathleen Konnory</span> posts a new picture on her photoblog almost
              every day, and visits a number of other photoblogs, like <a
              href="http://durhamtownship.com">durhamtownship.com</a> and <a
              href="http://topleftpixel.com">topleftpixel.com</a> each morning to be inspired by what other
              photographers are doing.
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <h3>The Foodie</h3>
            <p>
              <span class="bloggerName">Nelly Pill-Popper</span> loves all things related to food, and writes
              about recipes, restaurants, and memorable meals whenever she gets a chance. She likes the writing
              style and content at <a href="http://whatweate.com">whatweate.com</a>, but wishes they would
              publish more entries for her to read.
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <h3>The Pundit</h3>
            <p>
              <span class="bloggerName">John Budge</span>, wants to use his &ldquo;I Won&rsquo;t Budge
              Report&rdquo; to write about politics and other issues. He thinks the <a
              href="http://drudgereport.com">Drudge Report</a> is pretty good, because it contains lots of links
              to other interesting material as well as having room for the author&rsquo;s comments.
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <h3>The Candidate</h3>
            <p>
              <span class="bloggerName">Barker O&rsquo;Clifton</span> wants to be president, and needs a website
              that will help him get his message out. A critical feature of the site is that it will make it
              easy for enthusiasts to donate money to his campaign. Links to whitepapers, and a daily log of his
              campaign visits are other critical components. Any color scheme is fine as long as it&rsquo;s red,
              white and blue.
            </p>
          </li>
        </ul>
        <p>
          You may pick any client you want, real or imaginary. You can pick one of the ones above, or make up
          your own client. You can even use a real client&mdash;provided your client wants to create a blog site.
        </p>
      </div>

      <h2>Decide On The Content</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          For your assignment, you need to decide what content your client will be including on his/her site
          and how to structure it. Normally you would do this by consulting with your client, but that will be
          a bit difficult if your client is fictitious. But since fictitious clients can&rsquo;t complain, you
          can safely decide on the content yourself.  Here are some of the content areas of a web page that
          your client might want to include: A section for branding (the name of the blog, a tag line, a logo,
          etc.); decorative images that occupy space on the page (not background images); content images
          related to the text entries in the blog; images that form the bulk of each entry (as in a
          photoblog); space for paid ads; site information (copyright notice, etc.); one or more navigation
          areas for links to other sites, other blog entries, to comments on entries, etc.; information about
          entries (title, date, categories, etc.); entry contents; space for people to comment or vote on items;
          etc.
        </p>
        <p>
          Make a list of each type of content that your client will be using and add a note for each that tells
          how extensive each type of information will be. (Lots of picture ads, a list of text ads, no ads,
          multiple blocks of ads; long-winded entries spanning multiple screens, 1-2 paragraphs per entry; just
          a sentence and maybe a link per entry; links to archived articles; etc.) Write down your list and notes.
        </p>
        <p>
          Decide which information will actually go on the home page for your blogger, and which will go
          elsewhere on the site. Will there be one blog entry per page, a running list of entries with old
          entries at the bottom of the page falling off into the archives, a brief part of several entries
          with links to the remainder of each one on a separate page, or some other structure? The idea here
          is to think about what makes good sense for your particular client. Write a star next to each item
          in your content list that will be appearing on the home page. The decisions you make here will affect
          the appearance of the home page to some extent: the more information you include, the more
          &ldquo;dense&rdquo; the page will appear. Information-rich sites, like the pundit&rsquo;s might
          benefit from a dense page, while a photoblogger might want a more open page that gives
          &ldquo;today&rsquo;s picture&rdquo; a chance to stand out on the screen. The fashionista might want
          to have lots of short blog entries available at the beginning so that all her latest and most
          breathless comments will have a chance to capture vistors&rsquo; attention. But you get to decide; there
          is no single &ldquo;right&rdquo; answer here.
        </p>
        <p>
          Now decide what the most appropriate XHTML content tags are for your home page items. You may use
          <strong>only the following elements</strong>: headings (h1-h6; indicate which level for each item),
          paragraphs, lists, images, and (possibly) tables. Do not try to imagine what the home page will look
          like, just categorize the contents. Where you have a group of things that seem to belong together,
          they probably should be made into a list: decide whether the items have an order or not in deciding
          which kind of list to construct. Put the XHTML tag name next to each starred item on your content
          list.
        </p>
      </div>

      <h2>Submit The Assignment</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          To submit the assignment, write a sentence or two describing your &ldquo;client&rdquo; and send it
          along with your marked-up content list to me for review.
          My email address is:
        </p>
        <address>
          Christopher.Vickery<span class="at" title="Change to @">AT</span>qc.cuny.edu
        </address>
        <p class="standout_block">
          The Subject Line of your email must say <span
          class="codeblock">CS-081&nbsp;Assignment&nbsp;3</span>, exactly like that, in order to avoid my spam
          filters.
        </p>
        <p>
          Always include <span class="codeSnippet">CS-081</span> in the subject line of your email messages to
          me, even if you are not submitting an assignment, because of the spam filters.
        </p>
        <p>Be sure to sign your email so I know who sent it!</p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">Last updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])); ?>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="../../../">Vickery Home</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="./">Course Schedule</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="../">CSCI-081 Home Page</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
