<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if ( (array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml"))
       ||
       (array_key_exists("HTTP_USER_AGENT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator"))
     )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
          "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>

    <title>CS-081 Assignment 1</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="../../css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/style-print.css"
    />        
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="css/assignments.css"
    />		
  </head>

  <body>

    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-081 Assignment 1</h1>
    </div>

    <div id="content">
      <h2>Introduction</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          We will be dealing with a lot of technology this term, and the goal of this first
          assignment is to get you to start viewing the Web with a developer&rsquo;s eye:
          what&rsquo;s good and what&rsquo;s not so good out there?
          </p>
      </div>
      
      <h2>The Assignment</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          Pick three web sites: one academic, one commercial, and one entertaining. The academic
          site could be Queens College&rsquo;s, a department with the college, or some other
          college&rsquo;s; the choice is yours. The commercial site should be one where you have
          actually bought something if possible. And the entertainment site can be any site that
          provides entertainment: YouTube, somebody&rsquo;s blog, whatever. For each site, write out
          the answers to the following questions, and send them to me by email.
        </p>
        <ol>
          <li>Describe the site&rsquo;s customers. Most sites serve multiple categories of
          customers. Describe each category, and tell what you think they use the site for. For
          example, two categories of &ldquo;customers&rdquo; for an academic site would be
          prospective and currrent students. (I can think of at least two other categories.)</li>
          <li>Tell what each site does to help each category of customers find what they want on the
          site. Is the site good at this? Give a specific example of what they do either well or
          poorly in this regard.</li> <li>What makes the site either a pleasure or a bother to you
          when you use it?</li>
          <li>Do you think the home page is well-organized and attractive?</li>
          <li>If you were to suggest just one change to make on the home page, what would it be and
          why?</li>
        </ol>
      </div>

      <h2>Submit The Assignment</h2>
      <div>
        <p>Write your answers to the questions in the body of an email message. You can use plain
        text or formatted email, but do not use a word processor and/or send your answers as an
        attachment. Send your email to me by midnight on the due date (January 31). My email address
        is:</p>
        <address>Christopher.Vickery<span class="at" title="Change to @">AT</span>qc.cuny.edu</address>
        <p class="standout_block">
          The Subject Line of your email must say <span class="codeblock">CS-081&nbsp;Assignment&nbsp;1</span>,
          exactly like that, in order to avoid my spam filters.
        </p>
        <p>Be sure to sign your email so I know who sent it!</p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">Last updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME']));
      ?>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="../../../">Vickery Home</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="./">Course Schedule</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="../">CSCI-081 Home Page</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
