<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if ( (array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml"))
       ||
       (array_key_exists("HTTP_USER_AGENT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator"))
     )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
          "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>

    <title>CS-081 Assignment 2</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="../../css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/style-print.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="css/assignments.css"
    />    
  </head>

  <body>

    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-081 Assignment 2</h1>
    </div>

    <div id="content">
      <h2>Introduction</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          Use Dreamweaver to set up your web site for the course.
        </p>
      </div>

      <h2>The Assignment</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          Instructions for accessing your lab account are at the <a
          href="../../TREE_Lab/">TREE Lab Information</a> web page. The assignment for February 14 is to
          log into your account, to set up the local part of your course web site as demonstrated in
          class on February 7, and to create an index page for your site based on a template file that I am
          providing.
        </p>
        <p>
          Get the <span class="fileName">template.xhtml</span> file from the Zip file linked to from
          the course schedule (<a href="../template.zip">template.zip</a>). Download the zip file,
          and extract <span class="fileName">template.xhtml</span> into your <span
          class="directoryName">My Website</span> directory. The, from within Dreamweaver, duplicate
          the template (type Control-D with the file selected), then rename <span
          class="fileName">Copy of template.xhtml</span> to <span
          class="fileName">index.xhtml</span>. (If you double-click on the file name, it will open
          the file for editing, but if you click twice with a pause between the two clicks the
          second click will let you edit the file name.) Now you should be able to view the template
          simply by using the URL, <span class="codeSnippet">http://<span
          class="tagName">hostname</span>.cs.qc.cuny.edu/~<span
          class="tagName">accountname</span>/</span>, where <span class="tagName">hostname</span> is
          the name of the computer you are logged into, and <span class="tagName">accountname</span>
          is your own account name. Note that the character before your account name is a tilde
          (upper left corner of the keyboard), not a dash.
         </p>
        <p>
          We will go over questions about the assignment in class on February 14; you will be able
          to submit this assignment up to one week late for full credit, but I will be giving out
          another assignment on the 14th, and that one will not be accepted late.
        </p>
      </div>

      <h2>Submit The Assignment</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          When your site is set up and you have tested it, be sure you log off the lab computer so your work will
          be copied to the server. Then send me an email message telling me your assignment is ready, and I will
          copy it to my computer (babbage) from the server, and check it out. My email address is:
        </p>
        <address>
          Christopher.Vickery<span class="at" title="Change to @">AT</span>qc.cuny.edu
        </address>
        <p class="standout_block">
          The Subject Line of your email must say <span
          class="codeblock">CS-081&nbsp;Assignment&nbsp;2</span>, exactly like that, in order to avoid my spam
          filters.
        </p>
        <p>Be sure to sign your email so I know who sent it!</p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">Last updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])); ?>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="../../../">Vickery Home</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="./">Course Schedule</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="../">CSCI-081 Home Page</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
