<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if ( (array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml"))
       ||
       (array_key_exists("HTTP_USER_AGENT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator"))
     )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
          "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>

    <title>CS-081 Assignment 4</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/style-all.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="../../css/style-screen.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/style-print.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="css/assignments.css" />
  </head>

  <body>
    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-081 Assignment 4</h1>
    </div>

    <div id="content">
      <h2>Introduction</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          For this assignment, you are to construct a dummy home page for your blogger following the structure you
          developed in Assignment 3. Following the principle of &ldquo;<a
          href="http://www.stuffandnonsense.co.uk/malarkey/more/microformats_the_fine_art_of_markup/">content-out
          markup</a>,&rdquo; you are to use only meaningful content tags in the body of your web page: <span
          class="tagName">h1</span>, <span class="tagName">h2</span>, <span class="tagName">h3</span>, <span
          class="tagName">h4</span>, <span class="tagName">p</span>, <span class="tagName">ul</span>, <span
          class="tagName">ol</span>, <span class="tagName">li</span>, and <span class="tagName">a</span>. You may
          also use <span class="tagName">table</span> and its related tags if your page contains tabular data, and you
          may use <span class="tagName">dl</span> if your page has a list of definitiions. You may use lower level
          headings if necessary, but it would be very unusual if you need them. You do not need to use all the tags
          listed, just the ones you need for the content of your blogger&rsquo;s home page.
        </p>
      </div>

      <h2>Description</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          First of all, I have changed the <span class="fileName">template.xhtml</span> file that you are to use as a
          starting point for all web pages in this course. Download <a href="../template.zip">template.zip</a> again,
          and exctract the new copy. Then make a copy of that and rename it to <span class="fileName">index.xhtml</span>
          in your <span class="directoryName">My Website</span> directory as you did in Assignment 2. The new template
          eliminates several unnecessary elements that were in the original one. This change is especially important for
          this assignment because of the restriction on what tags you are allowed to use.
        </p>
        <p>
          Change the <span class="tagName">title</span> tag to give a meaningful name to your blogger&rsquo;s web page.
          If your title has an apostrophe in it (&ldquo;Lilly&rsquo;s Landscape Lore,&rdquo; for example), be sure to
          use the typographically correct <span class="codeSnippet">&amp;rsquo;</span> character entity rather than the
          single prime character ('), as discussed in class. If you can&rsquo;t see the difference between the two
          characters in this paragraph, magnify the text by typing <span class="codeSnippet">Control_+</span>
          (<span class="codeSnippet">Command_+</span> on the Apple).
        </p>
        <p>
          Your blogger&rsquo;s page undoubtedly uses the <span class="tagName">h1</span> tag, so change the contents to
          the proper value for your blogger&rsquo;s site, presumably the same thing as the page title.
        </p>
        <p>
          Now add the headings, lists, and paragraphs for your blogger&rsquo;s home page in order of importance, not
          necessarily what will be top-to-bottom, left-to-right order once the page&rsquo;s presentation is in place.
          The idea here is to present the information in an order that will make the unstyled page easy to read
          quickly, even if the content is being presented aurally or on a small screen.
        </p>
        <p>
          But remember that the sequence is not totally arbitrary. Paragraphs that relate to a certain heading must
          follow that heading in sequence, for example. After all, the heading (whichever level it is) is what tells
          the reader what the paragraphs are about.
        </p>
        <p>
          Use meaningful content for all headings, but you should use dummy text for words of most paragraphs. You can
          get dummy text for paragraphs from <a href="http://lipsum.com">lipsum.com</a>. At the lower right corner of
          the page is a button to &ldquo;Generate Lorem Ipsum&rdquo;; click on it, and you will get a page with five
          paragraphs of Latin text, which you can copy and paste into your web page. You need to put <span
          class="tagName">p</span> tags around the text in your code to make them into actual web paragraphs. For
          paragraphs or list items that will contain particular kinds of information, such as a date, it makes more
          sense to put in an actual date.
        </p>
        <p>
          For images, you may put in <span class="tagName">img</span> tags that use <span
          class="codeSnippet">src="#"</span> instead of the path to an actual image file. Be sure to put in an
          <span class="codeSnippet">alt</span> attribute with text to show what the image will be. Alternatively,
          you can use an actual picture of some sort, but I suggest you hold off on putting in actual images until we
          have discussed that topic in class.
        </p>
        <p>
          When you have created your web page, view it using Firefox, Opera, Safari, and Internet Explorer and make sure
          it makes sense to look at, even though it is just black text on a white background, styled according to each
          browser&rsquo;s built-in default style rules.
        </p>
        <p class="standout">
          The most important test is for you to click the XHTML link at the bottom of the page. This will submit your
          web page to the W3C Validator. Your code must validate with no errors or warnings in order for you to complete
          the assignment successfully. Your web page is not to have any CSS style information included in it, so there
          is no need to check the CSS link at the bottom of the page: it will just give an error saying there is no style
          information, which you knew anyway!
        </p>
        <p>
          You should build your page up in parts and test each part in Firefox as you go along. There should always be
          two green circles with checkmarks in them in the status bar at the bottom of the browser window: one from the
          Firebug extension that is installed in Firefox, and one from the HTML Validator extension that is also
          installed in Firefox.
        </p>
      </div>

      <h2>Submit The Assignment</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          When you have coded your page and verified that it is useable, log out so your code will be saved to the
          server, and send me an email message saying your assignment is ready. I will copy it from the server to
          the Unix computer in my office (babbage), and will check it out from there.
        </p>
        <p>
          My email address is:
        </p>
        <address>
          Christopher.Vickery<span class="at" title="Change to @">AT</span>qc.cuny.edu
        </address>
        <p class="standout">
          The Subject Line of your email must say <span
          class="codeblock">CS-081&nbsp;Assignment&nbsp;4</span>, exactly like that, in order to avoid my spam
          filters.
        </p>
        <p>
          Always include <span class="codeSnippet">CS-081</span> in the subject line of your email messages to
          me, even if you are not submitting an assignment, because of the spam filters.
        </p>
        <p>Be sure to sign your email so I know who sent it!</p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      Last updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME']));
      ?>.&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="../../../">Vickery Home</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="./">Course Schedule</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="../">CSCI-081 Home Page</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
