<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if ( (array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml"))
       ||
       (array_key_exists("HTTP_USER_AGENT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator"))
     )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
          "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>

    <title>CS-081 Assignment 9</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/style-all.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="../../css/style-screen.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/style-print.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="css/assignments.css" />
  </head>

  <body>
    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-081 Assignment 9</h1>
    </div>

    <div id="content">
      <h2>Introduction</h2>
      <div>
        <p>Add a form to your blog. This is an optional, extra&ndash;credit assignment. If you complete it, it will
        count as an extra homework assignment, making it possible to make up points lost on previous assignments or even
        to get more than full credit for the homework portion of your course grade.</p>
        <p class="standout_block">This assignment must be submitted by midnight of the due date (May 22) in order to
        receive any credit for it.</p>
        <p>This assignment will be graded like all others for the course: &ldquo;OK&rdquo; is full credit, which is two
        points towards your final grade. &ldquo;Not OK&rdquo; is half credit (one point toward your final grade), and it
        is possible to get a grade of &ldquo;Good&rdquo; (three points). Since there were eight assignments worth two
        points each this semester, assignments will count 16% of your course grade and the two exams will count 42%
        each.</p> </div>

      <h2>Description</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          Make the value of the <span class="attributeName">action</span> attribute <span
          class="fileName">http://babbage.cs.qc.edu/courses/cs081/Form_Script.php</span> so that submitting the form
          will cause the form data to be displayed.
        </p>
        <p>
          Include at least one <span class="tagName">fieldset</span> and <span class="tagName">legend</span> element in
          your form. Include at least one <span class="attributeName">text</span> and one <span
          class="attributeName">password</span> <span class="tagName">input</span> tag, with appropriate <span
          class="tagName">label</span> tags. Include other elements (checkboxes, radio buttons, textareas) as you see
          fit.
        </p>
        <p>
          Use CSS to position and format your form so it looks &ldquo;good!&rdquo;
        </p>
      </div>

      <h2>Submit The Assignment</h2>
      <div>
        <h3>Test, Verify, and Validate</h3>
        <p>
          Carefully test, verify and validate your assignment before submitting it, as described in previous assignments.
        </p>

        <h3>Save and Submit</h3>
        <p>
          When you have tested, verified, and validated your code, be sure log out so your code will be saved to the
          server, and send me an email message saying your assignment is ready. I will copy it from the server to the
          Unix computer in my office (babbage), and will check it out from there.
        </p>
        <p>
          My email address is:
        </p>
        <address>
          Christopher.Vickery<span class="at" title="Change to @">AT</span>qc.cuny.edu
        </address>
        <p class="standout">
          The Subject Line of your email must say <span
          class="codeblock">CS-081&nbsp;Assignment&nbsp;9</span>, exactly like that, in order to avoid my spam
          filters.
        </p>
        <p>
          Always include <span class="codeSnippet">CS-081</span> in the subject line of your email messages to me, even
          if you are not submitting an assignment, because of the spam filters.
        </p>
        <p class="important">
          Be sure to sign your email so I know who sent it!
        </p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      Last updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME']));
      ?>.&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="../../../">Vickery Home</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="./">Course Schedule</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="../">CSCI-081 Home Page</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
