<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if ( (array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml"))
       ||
       (array_key_exists("HTTP_USER_AGENT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator"))
     )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
          "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>

    <title>CS-081 Assignment 7</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/style-all.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="../../css/style-screen.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/style-print.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="css/assignments.css" />
  </head>

  <body>
    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-081 Assignment 7</h1>
    </div>

    <div id="content">
      <h2>Introduction</h2>
      <div>
        For this assignment you are to start working with CSS layout features. In particular, you are to format your list of
        navigation links so it looks and operates somewhat like the one <a href="http://babbage.cs.qc.cuny.edu/81">designed
        in class</a>.
      </div>

      <h2>Description</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          In Assignment 6, you were told to include a list of &ldquo;navigation links&rdquo; in your blog&rsquo;s page.
          According to the principle that you can make your web page look any way you want using CSS, it really doesn&rsquo;t
          matter where in your document that navigation list appears. But for this assignment, it has to be right after the
          <span class="tagName">h1</span> element. If it is not there already, move it there before proceeding.
        </p>
        <p class="standoutblock">
          If you want to change the color scheme for your page, do so now. But you must keep a gradient background image for
          the <span class="tagName">h1</span> element. You can alter the image, but there has to be one there, and it has to
          have a gradient that goes from a color to transparent.
        </p>
        <p>
          Create a new stylesheet for this assignment. Despite the problem with this naming scheme mentioned in class, call
          this one <span class="fileName">layout.css</span>, and put a link to it in the head of your blog&rsquo;s index
          page. All of the requirements below are to be done using rules in this stylesheet.
        </p>
        <p>
          Here are the requirements for the assignment:
        </p>
        <ul>
          <li>
            Set a background image on the page&rsquo;s <span class="tagName">body</span>. Make the image wider than the
            widest screen people will use, and give it a colored background covering
            the leftmost 25% of the image, with the right 75% of the image transparent. You may use somewhat different
            percentages if you want to experiment, but do not use 50%. Set this image&rsquo;s horizontal position using
            the same percentage value as the width of the colored part of the image. Tile the image vertically. You
            should get the solid colored bar on the left side of your web page, which should shrink and grow in width
            as you resize the width of the browser window. Proceed only when you have gotten this part of the assignment
            working. Be sure your code is still valid XHTML and CSS, and that it works across browsers.
          </li>
          <li>
            Set the left margin of the next part of your web page (presumably a list of blog entries) to match the
            width of the colored bar. The navigation list should now be inside the colored &ldquo;faux column&rdquo; and
            all the rest of your content should be on the right side of the page.
          </li>
          <li>Set the width of the navigation links list to match the width of the faux column.</li>
          <li>
            Convert the <span class="tagName">a</span> element for each item in the list to <span
            class="codeSnippet">display:block</span> so the anchor completely fills it&rsquo;s <span
            class="tagName">li</span> element. Adjust borders, paddings, margins, and background colors of the list, the
            list items, and the anchors to get an appearance you like. Apply typographic changes to anchors to make them
            look &ldquo;good.&rdquo; Remove the underlines using the <span class="codeSnippet">text-decoration</span>
            property. Test and validate your code.
          </li>
          <li>
            Use the <span class="codeSnippet">:hover</span> pseudo-class for the anchors to give them a different
            appearance when the user hovers over them.
          </li>
        </ul>
      </div>

      <h2>Submit The Assignment</h2>
      <div>
        <h3>Test, Verify, and Validate</h3>
        <p>
          Carefully test, verify and validate your assignment before submitting it, as described in previous assignments.
        </p>

        <h3>Save and Submit</h3>
        <p>
          When you have tested, verified, and validated your code, be sure log out so your code will be saved to the
          server, and send me an email message saying your assignment is ready. I will copy it from the server to the
          Unix computer in my office (babbage), and will check it out from there.
        </p>
        <p>
          My email address is:
        </p>
        <address>
          Christopher.Vickery<span class="at" title="Change to @">AT</span>qc.cuny.edu
        </address>
        <p class="standout">
          The Subject Line of your email must say <span
          class="codeblock">CS-081&nbsp;Assignment&nbsp;7</span>, exactly like that, in order to avoid my spam
          filters.
        </p>
        <p>
          Always include <span class="codeSnippet">CS-081</span> in the subject line of your email messages to me, even
          if you are not submitting an assignment, because of the spam filters.
        </p>
        <p class="important">
          Be sure to sign your email so I know who sent it!
        </p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      Last updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME']));
      ?>.&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="../../../">Vickery Home</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="./">Course Schedule</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="../">CSCI-081 Home Page</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
