<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if ( (array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml"))
       ||
       (array_key_exists("HTTP_USER_AGENT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator"))
     )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
          "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>

    <title>CS-081 Assignment 6</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/style-all.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="../../css/style-screen.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/style-print.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="css/assignments.css" />
  </head>

  <body>
    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-081 Assignment 6</h1>
    </div>

    <div id="content">
      <h2>Introduction</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          For this assigment you are to apply different colors and background images to the various elements of your
          blog site.
        </p>
      </div>

      <h2>Description</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          First, be sure your site is set up properly. Your web page for Assignment 5 will be the content page for this
          assignment. It should be named <span class="fileName">index.xhtml</span>, and it should be in your <span
          class="directoryName">My Website</span> directory (not in a subdirectory). There should already be a
          subdirectory named <span class="directoryName">css</span> containing a stylesheet named <span
          class="fileName">typography.css</span> in it. Now create a second stylesheet there, and name it <span
          class="fileName">backgrounds.css</span>. Add a link to it in the head of your <span
          class="fileName">index.xhtml</span> code. The code for this assignment will all go in this new stylesheet.
        </p>
        <p>
          If your blog page does not have at least two lists, update the content now so that it does. One list must contain
          links to other parts of the web site, such as Home, About, Contact, etc. (even though those other parts
          don&rsquo;t exist). The other list can be anything, such as blog entries or links to related sites. 
        </p>
        <p>
          The formal requirement for this assignment is simply to apply different backgrounds to all the elements of your
          blog site. The goal is for you to experiment with background colors and background images. You might well decide
          to change the colors and images you use in the future assignments, when you will be working with different layout
          options for your site. For now, exploring the various CSS properties that control the backgrounds of your
          page&rsquo;s CSS boxes: headings and lists in particular.
        </p>
        <p>
          For this assignment, the background colors of the entire page, each heading level, and all lists must be
          different. 
        </p>
        <p>
          In addition, you are to create a background image for the level-1 heading on the page. You may use
          <span class="programName">Fireworks</span> to build the image as demonstrated in class, or another program of
          your choice if you have one available. Your image must be in the PNG format, and it must include a gradient
          that goes from a color to transparent; the background color of your <span class="tagName">h1</span> must show
          through the transparent part of the image. Your image may optionally include a texture, and you are certainly
          free to add background images to other page elements in addition to the <span class="tagName">h1</span> tag.
        </p>
      </div>

      <h2>Submit The Assignment</h2>
      <div>
        <h3>Test, Verify, and Validate</h3>
        <p>
          You must carefully test, verify and validate your assignments before submitting
          them.  Although I am listing this information at the end of this assignment&rsquo;s web page, these are
          actually activities that you should be performing regularly as you add code to your site. Write a little code,
          and test to be sure it does what you expect. Then write a little more and test that. The hardest part of
          debugging code is finding the errors. But if you test your site every time you add a little code, it&rsquo;s
          much easier to find any errors: they are in the little bit of code that you just added!
        </p>
        <p>
          Watch the green circle in the status line provided by HTML Tidy; any time it changes to a yellow triangle or a
          red X, there is a problem that you need to fix before continuing.
        </p>

        <h4>Test</h4>
        <p>
          Testing consists of looking at the web page in a browser to be sure the effects you have added to the page
          actually are working. If a heading is to have a particular font-family and size, does it? Because the
          browser does not issue error messages for errors in your CSS code, you have to look at the page to be sure
          it is doing what you expect. If you see a problem, you have to figure out how to fix it! Note that for CSS
          errors, the CSS Validator can help you figure out what is wrong.
        </p>
        <p>
          Another test you need to perform is to try your web page using different browsers to make sure no browser
          compatability problems have crept into your code. This kind of problem is not likely to show up in the
          projects for this course, but it is good to check anyway. Simply look at your web site using Internet
          Explorer, Opera, and Safari to be sure it looks &ldquo;about the same&rdquo; in each one.
        </p>
        <h4 id="link-check">Verify</h4>
        <p>
          You need to do an explicit check to be sure all the links in your web pages are correct, because Windows will
          let you use mis-matched file and directory names in your links that won&rsquo;t show up until your code is
          copied to a Unix/Macintosh computer for testing. Dreamweaver will check the <span
          class="tagName">link</span> tags in the head of your page, as well as the <span class="tagName">a</span> and
          <span class="tagName">img</span> tags in the body of the page, provided they refer to files within your web site.
          It won&rsquo;t check links to things on other web sites.
        </p>
        <p>
          When you <a href="../using_dreamweaver.xhtml">set up your site</a>, you should have checked the &ldquo;Use
          case-sensitive link checking&rdquo; in the Local Information panel for the site. If not, select the <span
          class="menuItem">Site-&gt;Manage Sites&hellip;</span> menu item, and edit your site definition so this
          option is checked.
        </p>
        <p>
          To check links, right-click on the top line of the Files panel where it says, &ldquo;Site - &hellip;&rdquo;
          and select &ldquo;Check Links.&rdquo; Pick the option to check the entire site. A new panel will show up
          with a list of all the broken links in your site, if there are any. (Select &ldquo;Broken Links&rdquo; from
          the <span class="codeSnippet">Show:</span> option box.) There will be a line for each broken link you need
          to fix. The folder icon next to the lines will open up a file browser so you can simply point to the correct
          file.
        </p>
        <p>
          There is another link check you need to perform. All the links to stylesheets and images should be given as
          relative pathnames. In simple terms, this means they must not begin with a <span
          class="codeSnippet">/</span> character. If your links do not use relative pathnames, they will fail to work
          when your code is copied to another place on the disk (or to another computer&rsquo;s disk). For this, you
          will need to set up a remote sever for your site, have Dreamweaver copy your site to the remote server, and
          test it there. The procedure is documented in the
          <a href="../using_dreamweaver.xhtml#remote-server">Dreamweaver Setup</a> web page.
        </p>

        <h4>Validate</h4>
        <p>
          If you have been watching the HTML Tidy icon in your status bar, your code will already pass the XHTML
          validation check automatically, but you can click the link at the bottom of the page to be sure. You should
          get a page with a nice big green bar offering you congratulations for having no warnings or errors on your
          page. Do the same with the CSS link at the bottom of the page and make sure there are absolutely no errors
          or warnings there. Fix any problems that show up.
        </p>

        <h3>Save and Submit</h3>
        <p>
          When you have tested, verified, and validated your code, be sure log out so your code will be saved to the
          server, and send me an email message saying your assignment is ready. I will copy it from the server to the
          Unix computer in my office (babbage), and will check it out from there.
        </p>
        <p>
          My email address is:
        </p>
        <address>
          Christopher.Vickery<span class="at" title="Change to @">AT</span>qc.cuny.edu
        </address>
        <p class="standout">
          The Subject Line of your email must say <span
          class="codeblock">CS-081&nbsp;Assignment&nbsp;6</span>, exactly like that, in order to avoid my spam
          filters.
        </p>
        <p>
          Always include <span class="codeSnippet">CS-081</span> in the subject line of your email messages to me, even
          if you are not submitting an assignment, because of the spam filters.
        </p>
        <p class="important">
          Be sure to sign your email so I know who sent it!
        </p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      Last updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME']));
      ?>.&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="../../../">Vickery Home</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="./">Course Schedule</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="../">CSCI-081 Home Page</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
