<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if ( (array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml"))
       ||
       (array_key_exists("HTTP_USER_AGENT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator"))
     )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
          "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>

    <title>CS-081 Assignment 8</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/style-all.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="../../css/style-screen.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/style-print.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="css/assignments.css" />
  </head>

  <body>
    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-081 Assignment 8</h1>
    </div>

    <div id="content">
      <h2>Introduction</h2>
      <div>
        For this assignment you are to format your list of navigation links so it looks and operates 
        somewhat like the horizontal one <a href="http://babbage.cs.qc.cuny.edu/081">designed in class</a>.
      </div>

      <h2>Description</h2>
      <div>
        <p>As a minimum, create a background image for the links with a fixed width (such as 150px) with
        rounded corners on the top. Make sure the anchors fill the list items so the text in the anchors
        is centered in the images. Use margins and padding to make the list look as much as you can like
        the links are tabs on the edges of file folders.</p>
        
        <p>Optional: Use a different background image for links that are being hovered over and for the
        link on the "current page".</p>
        
        <p>Optional: Use the sliding doors technique so the imges stay properly formed when the user
        makes text bigger or smaller.</p>
      </div>

      <h2>Submit The Assignment</h2>
      <div>
        <h3>Test, Verify, and Validate</h3>
        <p>
          Carefully test, verify and validate your assignment before submitting it, as described in previous assignments.
        </p>

        <h3>Save and Submit</h3>
        <p>
          When you have tested, verified, and validated your code, be sure log out so your code will be saved to the
          server, and send me an email message saying your assignment is ready. I will copy it from the server to the
          Unix computer in my office (babbage), and will check it out from there.
        </p>
        <p>
          My email address is:
        </p>
        <address>
          Christopher.Vickery<span class="at" title="Change to @">AT</span>qc.cuny.edu
        </address>
        <p class="standout">
          The Subject Line of your email must say <span
          class="codeblock">CS-081&nbsp;Assignment&nbsp;8</span>, exactly like that, in order to avoid my spam
          filters.
        </p>
        <p>
          Always include <span class="codeSnippet">CS-081</span> in the subject line of your email messages to me, even
          if you are not submitting an assignment, because of the spam filters.
        </p>
        <p class="important">
          Be sure to sign your email so I know who sent it!
        </p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      Last updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME']));
      ?>.&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="../../../">Vickery Home</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="./">Course Schedule</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="../">CSCI-081 Home Page</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
