# CS-343 E6TBA (2969) Fall 2004
nobody@nowhere.no             9999 Agron      Paul
nobody@nowhere.no             9999 Almonte    Ramon
nobody@nowhere.no             9999 Bashir     Ashraf
nobody@nowhere.no             9999 Bergesio   Gabriele
nobody@nowhere.no             9999 Britton    Dexter
nobody@nowhere.no             9999 Chavez     Sarita
nobody@nowhere.no             9999 Chen       Tse Liang
nobody@nowhere.no             9999 Cydzik     Tomasz
nobody@nowhere.no             9999 Espinoza   Delicia
nobody@nowhere.no             9999 Hasbun     Rafael
nobody@nowhere.no             9999 Kapur      Vipan
nobody@nowhere.no             9999 Lin        Chun Chi
nobody@nowhere.no             9999 Lovato     Sheymis
nobody@nowhere.no             9999 Noor       Farzana
nobody@nowhere.no             9999 Oh         David
nobody@nowhere.no             9999 Rivera     Pedro
nobody@nowhere.no             9999 Shakir     Ameel
nobody@nowhere.no             9999 Slonski    Pawel
nobody@nowhere.no             9999 Sutherland Eugene
nobody@nowhere.no             9999 Tabakov    Oleg
nobody@nowhere.no             9999 Torres     Crystal
nobody@nowhere.no             9999 Wysocky    Slawomir
nobody@nowhere.no             9999 Yang       Le
nobody@nowhere.no             9999 Yang       Zhitun
nobody@nowhere.no             9999 Yen        Shih Chun
nobody@nowhere.no             9999 Young      Aaron
nobody@nowhere.no             9999 Young      Aaron
vickery@babbage.cs.qc.edu     9999 Student    Perfect
