<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if ( (array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml"))
       ||
       (array_key_exists("HTTP_USER_AGENT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator"))
     )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
          "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>

    <title>CS-343 Assignment 5</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="../../css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/style-print.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="all"
          href="../../css/assignments.css" />
  </head>

  <body>

    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-343 Assignment 5</h1>
    </div>

    <div id="content">
      <h2>Instructions</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          Write out the answers to the following questions.
        </p>
      </div>
      <h2>The Assignment</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          First, answer Exercises <strong>5.1, 5.8, 5.9, and 5.10</strong> on pages 354-355 in the textbook.
        </p>
        <p>
          Then answer the following questions:
        </p>
        <ol>
          <li>
            What are the two sources of information for Read Register #2 in the register file of the MIPS datapath? Why
            are there two sources?  What is the structure of the multiplexer for connecting these two sources to the
            register file?  (That is, what are <em>m</em> and <em>n</em> in the term, &ldquo;an
            <em>m</em>&times;<em>n</em> multiplexer?&rdquo;) What is the name of the control
            signal that selects which source is used? What instructions cause this control signal to have a value of 1?
          </li>
          <li>
            What are the two sources of information for Write Data in the register file of the MIPS datapath? What is
            the structure of the multiplexer for connecting these two sources to the register file? What is the name of
            the control signal that selects which source is used? What instruction(s) cause this control signal to have
            a value of 1?
          </li>
          <li>
            What is the structure of MIPS main memory, in bytes and in words? How many bits in a memory address? When
            would the rightmost two bits of a memory address ever be anything other than <span
            class="variableValue">2'b00</span>?
          </li>
          <li>
            What are the three uses for I-format instructions? Give an example of an instruction name for each.
          </li>
          <li>
            Write the Verilog expression for computing the immediate operand for an <span
            class="functionName">addi</span> instruction.
          </li>
          <li>
            Write the Verilog expression for computing the immediate operand for an <span
            class="functionName">andi</span> instruction and tell why it is
            different from the answer to the previous question.
          </li>
          <li>
            Write the Verilog expression for computing the effective address of <span class="functionName">lw</span> and
            <span class="functionName">sw</span> instructions.
          </li>
          <li>
            Write the Verilog expression for computing the target address for conditional branch instructions.
          </li>
          <li>
            Write the Verilog expression for computing the target address for J-format instructions.
          </li>
          <li>
            List all the elements for the MIPS datapath that have a <span class="functionName">clock</span> input.
            (There are either two or three, depending on whether you include Data Memory or not.)
          </li>
        </ol>
      </div>

      <h2>Submit The Assignment By Email</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          I prefer receiving your answers as plain text in the body of your email message. If you use a word processor,
          paste your answers into the body of your message rather than sending an attachment.
        </p>
        <p>
          Send your email to:
        </p>
        <address>
          Christopher.Vickery<span class="at" title="Change to @">AT</span>qc.cuny.edu
        </address>
        <p class="standout_block">
          Be sure the Subject Line of your email says <span
          class="codeblock">CS-343&nbsp;Assignment&nbsp;5</span>, just like that, to be sure your
          message does not get trapped by my spam filters.
        </p>
        <p class="standout_block">Be sure to put your name in your email message!</p>
      </div>
    </div>

    <div id="footer">
      Last updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME']));
      ?>.&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="../../../">Vickery Home</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="../2008_09/.">Course Schedule</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="../../cs343">CSCI-343 Home Page</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
