<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if ( (array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml"))
       ||
       (array_key_exists("HTTP_USER_AGENT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator"))
     )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
          "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>

    <title>CS-343 Assignment 2</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="../../css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/style-print.css"
    />        
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="all"
          href="../../css/assignments.css" />
  </head>

  <body>

    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-343 Assignment 2</h1>
    </div>

    <div id="content">
      <h2>Introduction</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          This assignment deals with basic skills related to combinational logic networks.
        </p>
      </div>
      
      <h2>The Assignment</h2>
      <div>
        <ol>
          <li>
            Design a Full-Adder, giving the implementation as a single truth table of two functions (Sum and Carry<span
            class="subscript">out</span>) with three input variables (A, B, and C<span class="subscript">in</span>).
            Draw all the gates to implement the circuit using the Sum of Products technique presented in class.  </li>
          <li>
            Use a Karnaugh Map to minimize the Carry<span class="subscript">out</span> function of a Full Adder. Write
            the minimized equation, and draw the gates to implement it.
          </li>
          <li>
            <ol>
              <li>
                Give the truth table for a function with four input variables. The output is true for minterm numbers 4,
                9, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15 (i.e., <span
                class="equation">&Sigma;&nbsp;{&nbsp;4,&nbsp;9,&nbsp;11,&nbsp;12,&nbsp;13,&nbsp;14,&nbsp;15&nbsp;}</span>
                ).
              </li>
              <li>
                Minimize the function using both a Karnaugh Map and algebraic minimization. Be sure you get the
                same minimized function both ways.
              </li>   
              <li>  
                What is the Gate Input Count of the minimized function?
              </li>
              <li>
                Draw the gates needed to implement the minimized function.
              </li>
              <li>
                How many propagation delays are there in the logic network for the minimized function?
              </li>
            </ol>
          </li>
          <li>
            Draw a diagram that uses a symbol for full adders that shows how to construct a 4-bit parallel adder. Label all inputs, outputs,
            and the intermediate carries meaningfully.
          </li>
          <li>
          	What is the number of propagation delays in the four-bit adder network?
          </li>
        </ol>
      </div>
      
      <h2>Submit The Assignment</h2>
      <div>
      	<strong>This assignment is to be written out on paper</strong> and handed in on the due date. If you do not have it ready at class time,
        you may leave in my office (SB A-222) any time before 6:15 p.m. on the due date. Just slip it under my door if I am not there.
        <p class="standout_block">Be sure to put your name on your assignment!</p>
      </div>
    </div>

    <div id="footer">
      Last updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME']));
      ?>.&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="../../../">Vickery Home</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="../2008_09/.">Course Schedule</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="../../cs343">CSCI-343 Home Page</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
