# CSCI-343 AT3RA(3453) - Fall 2008
nobody@nowhere.no                       9999 Carvalho           Jason
nobody@nowhere.no                       9999 Chaudhary          Umad Ali
nobody@nowhere.no                       9999 Dommermuth         Peter
nobody@nowhere.no                       9999 Geizhals           Sara
nobody@nowhere.no                       9999 Guevara Jr.        Angel
nobody@nowhere.no                       9999 Jaramillo          Javier
nobody@nowhere.no                       9999 Kilic              Koray
nobody@nowhere.no                       9999 Kim                Hyung
nobody@nowhere.no                       9999 Lee                Jonathan
nobody@nowhere.no                       9999 Lei                Yong
nobody@nowhere.no                       9999 Liu                Yachao
nobody@nowhere.no                       9999 Strusser           Daniel
nobody@nowhere.no                       9999 Suggula            Venkata
nobody@nowhere.no                       9999 Tekeste-Berhe      Berhe
nobody@nowhere.no                       9999 Velasquez          Byron
nobody@nowhere.no                       9999 Wai                Kwong Ho
nobody@nowhere.no                       9999 Wang               Changnan
nobody@nowhere.no                       9999 Wang               Min Xi
nobody@nowhere.no                       9999 Wiyanto            Henry
nobody@nowhere.no                       9999 Yang               Kang Mei
nobody@nowhere.no                       9999 Zhang              Dennis
vickery@babbage.cs.qc.cuny.edu          9999 Student            Perfect
