<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if (  array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator")
      )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Vickery Miscellany</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../css/style-all.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="../css/style-screen.css" />
    <style type='text/css'>
		  body { padding:1em; max-width: 800px; }
      li { margin:1em; }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id="header">
      <h1>Miscellany</h1>
    </div>
    <h2>Stuff</h2>
    <div class="whitebox">

      <ul>

        <li>
          <p>
            <a href="Westinghouse_Sign/index.xhtml" title="Animated Westinghouse
            Logo">Westinghouse Sign</a> This is a re-creation of a billboard that used to
            be in Pittsburgh; a smaller (3-logo) version of it was outside the Midtown
            Tunnel to Manhattan.
          </p>
          <p>
            This one is a semi-random pattern, but the program is set up to be scripted
            &hellip; one of these days.
          </p>
          <p>
            The program uses the HTML &ldquo;canvas&rdquo; element, which is suppored by
            all browsers except Internet Explorer at this time. And it uses JavaScript to
            draw the animation.
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href='Scheduling_Matrix'>Scheduling Matrix</a> Uses the &lt;canvas&gt;
          element to show the course scheduling matrix used at Queens College (at the time
          it written). Click and hover everything to explore.
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><a href="remoteRollover/index.xhtml">Remote Rollover</a> Demonstrates the use
          of CSS for a &ldquo;remote rollover&rdquo; effect. <em>Uses no JavaScript,
          Flash, or whatever.</em> Just CSS.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href='CSS-not-JavaScript'>Another CSS Demo</a>. This one demonstrates how
          to disguise a checkbox so it looks like a button, and using its
          checked/unchecked state to control the visibility of another element on the
          page.
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../courses/Audio_Sampling">Application to demonstrate some of the
          principles of audio sampling.</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../courses/Fourier_Synthesis">Fourier Synthesis</a>: Build your own
          complex waveform: explore analog parameters such as frequency and phase, and
          digital sampling parameters as well.
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../courses/Minimize">Boolean Minimization:</a> tutorial on boolean
          minimization (algebraic, Karnaugh Map, and Quine-McClusky) with a program to do
          the work for you.
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="GenerateID/index.xhtml">Generate ID</a> JavaScript application that
          uses an anonymous self-executing function and a static local variable to
          generate a sequence of numbers with zero global variables.
        </li>

        <li>
          Student David Edell&rsquo;s <a href="Handel-C_Tetris">Tetris Game</a> using
          Celoxica&rsquo;s PixelStreams and Handel-C.
        </li>

        <li>
          Student Eric Shamow&rsquo;s <a href="pjvm/index.html">Persistent Java Virtual
          Machine</a> project, an exercise using the Java reflection mechanisms.
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="Contours">Landscape Contours</a>: a web page that generates a table
          dynamically using JavaScript.  The page is XHTML 1.1 served as
          application/xhtml+xml if the user&rsquo;s browser will accept that media type.
          Both the XHTML and CSS validate properly. Like everything else here, it uses
          PHP to generate the correct MIME type header and to put the Last Updated
          timestamp at the bottom.
        </li>

      </ul>
    </div>

    <h2>Utilities</h2>
    <div class="whitebox">

      <p>
        Scripts and small programs I have used regularly in the past.  Most of the links
        are to code listings that can be cut and pasted into a text editor.
      </p>

      <dl>

        <dt><a href="Utils/mkhtml.html">mkhtml</a></dt>
        <dd>Bash script that generates web pages from source code
        files. Used to generate the web pages for the three utilities given here.</dd>

        <dt><a href="Utils/pmw.html">pmw</a></dt>
        <dd>Bash script to gives the word read access to its arguments.
        Recurses through directories.  Requires Cygwin and the <span
        class="fileName">file</span> command to run on Windows.</dd>

        <dt><a href="Utils/chkformat_cc.html">chkformat</a></dt>
        <dd>A C program to check whether file arguments contain tabs and/or
        lines wider than a given width (default: 80).  Output is suitable
        for pasting into grading reports for student projects.</dd>

      </dl>
    </div>

    <div id="footer">
      &copy; 1997-<?php echo date("Y", time()); ?> Christopher Vickery.
      This work is licensed under a <a rel="license"
      href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.5/">Creative Commons
      Attribution-ShareAlike 2.5 License</a>.
      <!--/Creative Commons License-->
      <!-- <rdf:RDF xmlns="http://web.resource.org/cc/"
                    xmlns:dc="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/"
                    xmlns:rdf="http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#">
      <Work rdf:about="">
        <license rdf:resource="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.5/" />
        <dc:title>Vickery Utilities</dc:title>
        <dc:date>2006</dc:date>
        <dc:description>Small programs and scripts that I use regularly.</dc:description>
        <dc:creator><Agent><dc:title>Christopher Vickery</dc:title></Agent></dc:creator>
        <dc:rights><Agent><dc:title>Christopher Vickery</dc:title></Agent></dc:rights>
        <dc:type rdf:resource="http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/Text" />
        <dc:source rdf:resource="http://babbage.cs.qc.edu/Projects/Utilities" />
      </Work>
      <License rdf:about="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.5/">
        <permits rdf:resource="http://web.resource.org/cc/Reproduction"/>
        <permits rdf:resource="http://web.resource.org/cc/Distribution"/>
        <requires rdf:resource="http://web.resource.org/cc/Notice"/>
        <requires rdf:resource="http://web.resource.org/cc/Attribution"/>
        <permits rdf:resource="http://web.resource.org/cc/DerivativeWorks"/>
        <requires rdf:resource="http://web.resource.org/cc/ShareAlike"/>
      </License>
      </rdf:RDF> -->

    <a href="/">Vickery Home</a> &mdash;
      <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a> &mdash;
      <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a> &mdash;
      Last updated <?php echo gmdate("Y-m-d",
                        filemtime($_SERVER["SCRIPT_FILENAME"])); ?>.
    </div>
  </body>
</html>

