# 081 HTML and WWW Programming 2935 AT3FA
# Tue, Fri 10:50 -- 12:05 pm SB B145
nobody@nowhere.no              9999 Akshlomo Jennifer
nobody@nowhere.no              9999 Bernard James
nobody@nowhere.no              9999 Bervinov Georgiy
nobody@nowhere.no              9999 Bhagirath Niala
nobody@nowhere.no              9999 Burney Mohammed
nobody@nowhere.no              9999 Dindyal Zameen
nobody@nowhere.no              9999 Getzler Joshua
nobody@nowhere.no              9999 Htun Zin
nobody@nowhere.no              9999 Kupferman Yana
nobody@nowhere.no              9999 Labue David
nobody@nowhere.no              9999 Munoz Rolando
nobody@nowhere.no              9999 Ortiz Christina
nobody@nowhere.no              9999 Perez Harold
nobody@nowhere.no              9999 Perone Phillip
nobody@nowhere.no              9999 Saleh Tyas
nobody@nowhere.no              9999 Santiago Ricardo
nobody@nowhere.no              9999 Syal Khuram
nobody@nowhere.no              9999 Weinberg Nathan
nobody@nowhere.no              9999 Weiner Miriam
nobody@nowhere.no              9999 Xu Dong
nobody@nowhere.no              9999 Zimmerman Cindy
vickery@babbage.cs.qc.edu      9999 Student Perfect
