<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if (  array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator")
      )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">

  <head>

    <title>CS-90.3 Assignment 5</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="../../css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/style-print.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="all"
          href="../../css/assignments.css" />
  </head>

  <body>
    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-90. Assignment 5<br />Spring 2009</h1>
    </div>
    <div id="content">
      <h2>Introduction</h2>
        <div>
          <p>
            This assignment is to use PHP to make your login script connect to a database.
          </p>
          <p>
            I have set up a database on babbage for each of you. The PHP statement to connect to your database takes the
            following form:
          </p>
          <p class="code-block">
  $conn = pg_connect( "user=$user host=$host password=$password dbname=$user" );
          </p>
          <p>
            Your code must initialize the <span class="variable-name">$user</span>, <span
            class="variable-name">$host</span>, and <span class="variable-name">$password</span> variables before
            exectuting this statement. The user name and database name are the same: your lab account name without the
            numbers; your password is just the numbers from your course account name, and the host is
            babbage.cs.qc.cuny.edu.
          </p>
          <p>
            If the connection is made successfully, <span class="variable-name">$conn</span> will be set to a small
            integer representing a &ldquo;resource&rdquo; (which works like true in <span class="key-word">if</span>
            statements). If the connection attempt fails, the value of <span class="variable-name">$conn</span> will be
            <span class="key-word">null</span> (which works like false in <span class="key-word">if</span> statements).
          </p>
          <p class="standout-block">
            The databases can only be accessed from computers on campus.
          </p>
        </div>
      <h2>The Assignment</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          If you have not done so already, update your login.php script so that it displays a message containing the
          user’s email address, based on the value of the corresponding field on the form. Take out all 
          <span class="function-name">alert()</span> statements from your JavaScript code.
        </p>
        <p>
          Update your login.php script so that it displays a message indicating whether it is able to connect to your
          database successfully or not. Test it using the wrong password (or user name or database name or host name) to
          be sure it handles failures as well as successes.
        </p>

      </div>
      <h2>Submit The Assignment</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          When your assignment is working, log out and be sure your profile is copied back to the server. Send me an
          email message telling me that you have completed the assignment, and I will get a copy of it from your account
          on Oak for testing. If your roaming profile does not work, mention that in your email, and I will copy your
          <span class="directoryName">My Website</span> directory from your home directory instead of your profile
          directory on Oak.
        </p>
        <ol>
            <li>Be sure to put your name in your email message!</li>
            <li>
              The Subject line must be <span class="code-snippet">CS-90.3 Assignment 5</span> to avoid my spam filters.
            </li>
            <li>
              Send your email to either Christopher.Vickery<span class="at" title="Change to @">AT</span>qc.cuny.edu or
              vickery<span class="at" title="Change to @">AT</span>babbage.cs.qc.cuny.edu &mdash; but not to both.
            </li>
            <li>
              See <a href="../syllabus.xhtml">the course syllabus</a> for grading and late homework policies.
            </li>
        </ol>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      <a href="../../../">Vickery Home</a> &mdash; <a href="../">CS-90.3 Home</a> &mdash;
      <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a> &mdash;
      <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a> &mdash;
      Last updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])); ?>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>

