<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if (  array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator")
      )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">

  <head>

    <title>CS-90.3 Assignment 4</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="../../css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/style-print.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="all"
          href="../../css/assignments.css" />
  </head>

  <body>
    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-90. Assignment 4<br />Spring 2009</h1>
    </div>
    <div id="content">
      <h2>Introduction</h2>
        <div>
          This is an exercise in using JavaScript regular expresssions and using JavaScript to alter the appearance of a web page in response to user input.
        </div>
      <h2>The Assignment</h2>
      <div>
      	Working from your existing project, update your submit listener so that it does the following:
        <ul>
        	<li>
          	Prevent the form from submitting if the user-name is not a valid email address or if the password field is less than six characters long.
          </li>
          <li>
          	If anything prevents the form from being submitted, highlight the offending input element(s) by making their backgrounds turn pink. Give the elements
            with valid values a light green background. Use the Core library <span class="functionName">addClass()</span> and 
            <span class="functionName">removeClass()</span> functions to implement this.
          </li>
          <li>
          	If the eamil address is a valid Queens College student email account, display an alert box just before the form is actually submitted. The message
            in the alert box is to say, &ldquo;Hello, "<em>I. Name</em>"&rdquo;, where <em>I</em> is the (capitalized) initial of the person&rsquo;s first name,
            and <em>Name</em> is the person&rsquo;s last name, properly capitalized.
          </li>
          <li>
          	In the XHTML document, add the class, &ldquo;required&rdquo; to the <span class="tagName">label</span> tags for the two 
            <span class="tagName">input</span> elements, and
            use CSS to append a red asterisk to all elements with the <span class="attributeValue">required</span> <span class="attributeName">class</span>.
          </li>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <h2>Submit The Assignment</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          When your assignment is working, log out and be sure your profile is copied back to the server. Send me an email message telling me
          that you have completed the assignment, and I will get a copy of it from your account on Oak for testing. If your roaming profile does
          not work, mention that in your email, and I will copy your <span class="directoryName">My Website</span> directory from your home directory
          instead of your profile directory on Oak.
        </p>
        <ol>
            <li>Be sure to put your name in your email message!</li>
            <li>The Subject line must be <span class="code-snippet">CS-90.3 Assignment 4</span> to avoid my spam filters.</li>
            <li>
              Send your email to either Christopher.Vickery<span class="at" title="Change to @">AT</span>qc.cuny.edu or
              vickery<span class="at" title="Change to @">AT</span>babbage.cs.qc.cuny.edu &mdash; but not to both.
            </li>
            <li>
              See <a href="../syllabus.xhtml">the course syllabus</a> for grading and late homework policies.
            </li>
        </ol>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      <a href="../../../">Vickery Home</a> &mdash; <a href="../">CS-90.3 Home</a> &mdash;
      <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a> &mdash;
      <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a> &mdash;
      Last updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])); ?>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>

