<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if (  array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator")
      )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">

  <head>

    <title>CS-90.3 Assignment 1</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="../../css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/style-print.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="all"
          href="../../css/assignments.css" />
  </head>

  <body>
    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-90. Assignment 1<br />Spring 2009</h1>
    </div>
    <div id="content">
      <h2>Introduction</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
      	<p>
	      	This assignment is designed to be sure you know how to use your account to do projects for this course. See the 
  	      <a href="../../TREE_Lab/index.xhtml">TREE Lab Information</a> web page to see how to log into your account and make sure it is working
    	    correctly. That page also has a link to the <a href="../../TREE_Lab/using_scp.xhtml">Working From Off Campus</a> web page if you want to do
      	  your work outside the lab.
        </p>
        <p>
        	If you are not familiar with Dreamweaver, consult the <a href="../../cs081/using_dreamweaver.xhtml">Dreamweaver Setup</a> web page, and follow
          the directions there for setting up a Dreamweaver site for this course.
        </p>
      </div>
      <h2>The Assignment</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
      	<p>
      		First, download the <span class="fileName">template.zip</span> file for the course from the course schedule page, and extract the
        	<span class="fileName">template.xhtml</span> file into your <span class="directoryName">My Website</span> directory. Using Dreamweaver,
          duplicate this file, and change the name from <span class="fileName">Copy of template.xhtml</span> to <span class="fileName">index.xhtml</span>.
          Visit your website using Firefox, and verify that the index page displays properly. 
        </p>
        <p>
        	Set up two additional directories under <span class="directoryName">My Website</span> (assuming you already set up one named
          <span class="fioleName">images</span> when you set up your Dreamweaver site). Name them <span class="directoryName">css</span> (for your
          stylesheets) and <span class="directoryName">scripts</span> (for your JavaScript and PHP script files). Create a file named 
          <span class="fileName">assignment_01.js</span> in the <span class="directoryName">scripts</span> directory, and put an 
          <span class="functionName">alert()</span> call in it. Link the script to your index page, and verify that the dialog box is displayed each
          time you load the index page.
        </p>
      </div>

      <h2>Submit The Assignment</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
      	<p>
        	When your assignment is working, log out and be sure your profile is copied back to the server. Send me an email message telling me
          that you have completed the assignment, and I will get a copy of it from your account on Oak for testing. If your roaming profile does
          not work, mention that in your email, and I will copy your <span class="directoryName">My Website</span> directory from your home directory
          instead of your profile directory on Oak.
        </p>
        <ol>
            <li>Be sure to put your name in your email message!</li>
            <li>The Subject line must be <span class="code-snippet">CS-90.3 Assignment 1</span> to avoid my spam filters.</li>
            <li>
              Send your email to either Christopher.Vickery<span class="at" title="Change to @">AT</span>qc.cuny.edu or
              vickery<span class="at" title="Change to @">AT</span>babbage.cs.qc.cuny.edu &mdash; but not to both.
            </li>
          	<li>
            	See <a href="../syllabus.xhtml">the course syllabus</a> for grading and late homework policies.
            </li>
        </ol>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      <a href="../../../">Vickery Home</a> &mdash; <a href="../">CS-90.3 Home</a> &mdash;
      <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a> &mdash;
      <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a> &mdash;
      Last updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])); ?>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>

