<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if ( (array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml"))
       ||
       (array_key_exists("HTTP_USER_AGENT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator"))
     )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
          "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>

    <title>CS-090.3 Assignment 2</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="../../css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/style-print.css"
    />        
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="all"
          href="../../css/assignments.css" />
  </head>
  <body>

    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-090.3 Assignment 2</h1>
    </div>

    <div id="content">
      <h2>Introduction</h2>
      <div>
      	This exercise uses CSS to set up styles, and a JavaScript event listener to change the <span class="attributeName">class</span>
        attribute of paragraphs when the user hovers over them, thereby triggering dynamic style changes.
      </div>
      
      <h2>Description</h2>
      <div>
      	<p>
        	Edit your web site&rsquo;s index page so it has five paragraphs of <a href="http://lipsum.com">Lorem Ipsum</a> text.
        	Give the first two paragraphs a class attribute with the value <span class="codeSnippet">"important"</span>.
        	Add <span class="tagName">script</span> tags to
          the head of the document to <a href="../core.js">core.js</a> and to a new script file named <span class="fileName">assignment_02.js</span>.
          Download <span class="fileName">core.js</span> into your <span class="directoryName">scripts</span> directory
          and create a new file named
          <span class="fileName">assignment_02.js</span> there. Note that the tag for <span class="fileName">core.js</span> must
          be before the tag for <span class="fileName">assignment_02.js</span> because the latter uses
          program elements that are defined in the former.
        </p>
        <p>
        	Create a stylesheet named <span class="fileName">assignment_02.css</span> and add a link to it in the head of your index page. If you prefer,
          you can change the name of <span class="fileName">assignment_01.css</span> to <span class="fileName">assignments.css</span> and just adjust
          the link you already have.
        </p>
        <p>
        	Edit your style sheet so paragraphs have different appearances depending on the combination of <span class="attributeName">class</span> values:
          <span class="codeSnippet">important</span>, <span class="codeSnippet">selected</span>, or both:
        </p>
        <p class="code_block">
  .important 	{ &hellip; }
  .selected 	{ &hellip; }
  [code~="important"][code~="selected"] { &hellip; }
        </p>
				<p>
        	In your JavaScript code, create a global variable that references an object that contains a function named <span
          class="functionName">init()</span>, and pass a reference to this object <span class="functionName">to Core.start()</span>:
        </p>
        <p class="code_block">
  var CS903 = {
    init: function() { &hellip; }
    };
  Core.start(CS903);
        </p>
        <p>
        	Test your code by putting an <span class="functionName">alert()</span> or <span class="functionName">console.log()</span> call inside your
          <span class="functionName">init()</span> function and viewing your web page.
        </p>
        <p>
        	Remove the <span class="functionName">alert()</span> or <span class="functionName">console.log()</span> call from the code, and
        	add two functions to your global object, one of which uses <span class="functionName">Core.addClass()</span> to add
          <span class="codeSnippet">selected</span> to the <span class="attributeName">class</span> attribute of an element, and another that uses
          <span class="functionName">Core.removeClass()</span> to remove it. Set these two functions up as event listeners for the <span
          class="codeSnippet">mouseover</span> and <span class="codeSnippet">mouseout</span> events for every paragraph in the
          <span class="variableName">content</span> <span class="tagName">div</span> of your document.
        </p>
        <p>
        	Test your code to be sure that each paragraph changes its appearance when the mouse hovers
        	  over it and that <span
          class="variableName">important</span> paragraphs look different from regular paragraphs when
        	  the mouse hovers over them.
        </p>
        <p>
        	Test your code using Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari, Opera, and (optionally) Chrome.
        </p>
      </div>
      
      <h2>Submit the Assignment</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          When you have built and tested your web page, send me an email message to me saying your assignment
          is ready; I will get a copy from your account on the server and check it out. Send your
          email to:
        </p>
        <address>
          Christopher.Vickery<span class="at" title="Change to @">AT</span>qc.cuny.edu
        </address>
        <p class="standout_block">
          Be sure the Subject Line of your email says <span
          class="codeblock">CS-90.3&nbsp;Assignment&nbsp;2</span>, just like that, to be sure your
          message does not get trapped by my spam filters.
        </p>
        <p>Be sure to sign your email so I can tell who sent it!</p>
      </div>
    </div>

    <div id="footer">
      Last updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME']));
      ?>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a 
        href="../../../">Vickery Home</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="./">Course Schedule</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="../../cs090.3">CSCI-090.3 Home Page</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
