<?php
  $html_attributes = "lang=\"en\"";
  if ( array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
       stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
       stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator") )
  {
    $html_attributes = "xmlns=\"http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml\" xml:" . $html_attributes;
    $content_type = "application/xhtml+xml";
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    echo "<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n";
  }
  else
  {
    $content_type = "text/html";
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html <?php echo $html_attributes;?>>
  <head>
    <title>CS-343 Assignment 7</title>
    <link rel="shortcut-icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/assignments.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/assignments-print.css" media="print" />
  </head>
  <body id='urn:uuid:2E367371-7FA4-4C03-9193-9C8959326B0C'>

    <h1>CS-343 Assignment 7</h1>
    <section id="content">
      <section>
        <h1>Reading Assignment</h1>
        <p>The current reading assignment is Chapter 4, sections 1 through 8.</p>
      </section>
      <section>
        <h1>The Assignment</h1>
        <p>
        	Draw a diagram, neatly, of the MIPS PC register and its inputs as presented in sections 4.3 and 4.4. You can get a “good”
          grade (extra credit) if you do the assignment as specified here:
        </p>
        <ul>
        	<li>Show all inputs to the PC. (Hint: there are 33 input wires.)</li>
          <li>
          	Include enough of the entire datapath so that you can show how all three input sources to the multiplexer are
            generated, but <em>nothing in the datapath that is not needed for generating the PC inputs.</em>
          </li>
          <li>
          	Include enough of the entire datapath so that you can show how the select inputs to the multiplexer are
            generated, but <em>nothing in the datapath that is not needed for generating the select inputs.</em>
          </li>
          <li>
            Interpret the two previous requirements so they make sense! The idea is that to get a “good” you have to know what
            parts of the datapath are irrelevant and to leave them out. Otherwise, you could just copy one of the figures from
            the textbook and hand it in.
          </li>
          <li>Label all parts of your diagram, including the widths of busses.</li>
        </ul>
      </section>
      <section>
        <h1>Submission</h1>
        <p>Write your answer (did I mention “neatly”?) on a piece of paper and bring it to class on the due date.</p>
        <p>You can get “on time” credit for it if you slip your assignment under my office door before
        5:00pm on the due date.</p>
      </section>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <a href="../syllabus.xhtml">Course Syllabus</a>
      <a href="./">Schedule</a>
      <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>
      <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer?profile=css3">CSS</a>
      <em>Page last updated <?php echo date('Y-m-d', filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])); ?></em>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>
