<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if ( array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
       stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
       stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator") )
  {
    $content_type = "application/xhtml+xml";
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>");
  }
  else
  {
    $content_type = "text/html";
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
                      "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>CS-343 Assignment 1 Solutions</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="<?php echo $content_type;?>; charset=UTF-8" />
    <link rel="shortcut-icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/assignments.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/assignments-print.css" media="print" />
  </head>
  <body id='urn:uuid:46CA7C27-60F4-4CB5-96C9-86EB299CDFDB'>

<h1>CS-343 Assignment 1 Solutions</h1>

    <div id="content">
      <h2>Answers</h2>
        <ol>
        	<li>
          	A car dives the first mile of a two-mile course at 30 MPH. How fast must it go during the
            second mile to average 60 MPH for the entire course? <em>Hint: </em> It takes two minutes
            to go two miles at 60 MPH.
            <div class="ans">
            	<p>Some basic algebra:</p>
              <p>Rate (MPH) = Miles &divide; Hours; Miles = Rate &times; Hours; Hours = Miles &divide; Rate</p> 
            	<p>
                It takes two minutes to go two miles at sixty miles per hour. (Divide miles per hour by 60
                to get miles per minute.)
              </p>
              <p>
                It also takes two minutes to go one mile at 30 miles per hour. (30 &divide; 60 is 0.5 miles
                per minute, so it takes 2 &times; 0.5 minutes to go one mile.)
              </p>
              <p>
              	The car use two minutes to complete the first mile; it needs to complete two miles in two minutes
                in order to average 60 MPH. So the car has to complete the second mile in 0 minutes (2 - 2 = 0)
                in order to average 60 miles per hour. The solution is for the car to travel infinitely fast!
              </p>
            </div>
          </li>
          <li>
          	A disk spins at 12,000 RPM. How many revolutions per second is that?
            <div class="ans">
            	12,000 &divide; 60 = 200 revolutions per second. (Always be sure to indicate the units when you
              give the result of a calculation. Leaving off “revolutions per second” would be an incomplete
              answer.)
            </div>
          </li>
          <li>
          	How many seconds per revolution is your answer to the previous question? Write this answer as
            a proper decimal number with no prefix and no exponent. For example, <em>3.456 seconds</em>.
            <div class="ans">
            	1 &divide; 200 = 0.005 seconds per revolution.
            </div>
          </li>
          <li>
            How many milliseconds is your answer to the previous question?
            <div class="ans">
            	0.005 seconds = 5 &times; 10<span class="superscript">-3</span> = 5.0 milliseconds.
            </div>
          </li>
          <li>
          	And how many microseconds is that?
            <div class="ans">
            	0.005 seconds = 5,000 &times; 10<span class="superscript">-6</span> = 5,000 &micro;sec.
            </div>
          </li>
          <li>
          	Use the definition of a logarithm to explain why <em>log<span class="subscript">2</span>(n)</em>
            is always an integer when <em>n</em> is an integral power of 2.
            <div class="ans">
              Logarithms, by definition, are exponents, specifically to exponent to which some base value must be raised
              to produce a value. So if the base is 2 and <em>n</em> is some integer power of 2, the logarithm is
              simply the value of that integer power.
            </div>
          </li>
          <li>
          	<p>When computing a student’s GPA, you multiply a number representing each letter grade (12 for A or A+; 11
            for A-; 10 for B+; etc.) times the number of credits for which the student received that letter grade.</p>
            <p>Calculating a GPA is an example of computing a <em>weighted average.</em> What are the <em>weights</em>,
            the numbers representing the letter grades, or the number of credits?</p>
            <div class="ans">
              The number of credits. The numbers assigned to the letter grades are the values.
            </div>
          </li>
          <li>
            What is the average CPI of a program that uses 2 clock cycles for 30% of the instructions, 3 clock cycles
            for 20% of the instructions, and 4 clock cycles for all the others?
            <div class="ans">
              <ul style="list-style-type:none;">
              	<li>&nbsp;&nbsp;2 &times; 0.3 = 0.6</li>
                <li>&nbsp;&nbsp;3 &times; 0.2 = 0.6</li>
                <li>&nbsp;&nbsp;4 &times; 0.5 = 2.0</li>
                <li>Sums: 1.0&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;3.2</li>
              </ul>
              Since the sum of the weights is 1.0, there is no need to divide, and the average number of clock cyles per
              instruction is 3.2.
            </div>
          </li>
          <li>
          	I’m thinking of a letter of the alphabet. How many yes/no questions do you have to ask me to find out what letter
            it is?
            <div class="ans">
              <em>log<span class="subscript">2</span>(26)</em> = 4.700439718141093, so the minimum number of questions
              needed would be 4, and the maximum number would be 5. If your calculator doesn’t do base 2 logarithms, you
              can use any base: take the log to the base 10, for example, and then divide that result by the log that base
              of 2.
            </div>
          </li>
          <li>
          	What is the period of a 2 GHz clock signal?
            <div class="ans">
            	<p>
                1 &divide; (2 &times; 10<span class="superscript">9</span>Hz) = 
                0.5 &times; 10<span class="superscript">-9</span>sec</p>
                <p>Simple decimal: 0.000 000 000 500</p>
                <p>= 0.5nsec</p>
                <p>= 500psec</p>
            </div>
          </li>
        </ol>

    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      <a href="../syllabus.xhtml">Course Syllabus</a>
      <a href="./">Schedule</a>
      <em>Page last updated <?php echo date('Y-m-d', filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])); ?></em>
      <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>
      <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer?profile=css3">CSS</a>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
