<?php
  $html_attributes = "lang=\"en\"";
  if ( array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
       stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
       stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator") )
  {
    $html_attributes = "xmlns=\"http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml\" xml:" . $html_attributes;
    $content_type = "application/xhtml+xml";
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    echo "<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n";
  }
  else
  {
    $content_type = "text/html";
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html <?php echo $html_attributes;?>>
  <head>
    <title>CS-343 Assignment 4</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="<?php echo $content_type;?>; charset=UTF-8" />
    <link rel="shortcut-icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/assignments.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/assignments-print.css" media="print" />
  </head>
  <body id='urn:uuid:48621FEF-1AA7-4C4F-91C1-5D2FD5FE6057'>

    <h1>CS-343 Assignment 4</h1>
    <section id="content">
      <h2>Reading Assignment</h2>
        <p>
        	This assignment is based on material in Section 9 of Appendix C. Remember, there are problems with
          Figure C.9.1.
        </p>
      <h2>The Assignment</h2>
      <ol>
      	<li>
        	Draw a diagram showing the inputs and outputs of a 64KB memory system. That is, show the address,
          data in, and data out busses and indicate how many bits each of these busses has. The other two inputs
          should be the <em>write</em> and <em>read</em> control inputs. The diagram I’m talking about is the left
          side of Figure 4.8 on page 311 of the textbook. (You can used the names for the inputs and outputs from
          that figure rather than the ones used in class and in the first part of this paragraph, if you like.)
        </li>
        <li>
        	Draw a diagram that shows how to build a 64KB memory system using 16K&#215;4 SRAM memory chips like the
          one in Figure C.9.1. Label everything clearly! This exercise was covered in class on November 2, so you
          will need to get someone’s notes if you missed that class.
        </li>
      </ol>
      <h2>Submit</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          This is a manual hand-in assignment. Draw your diagrams on a piece of paper, and hand it in during class
          on the due date.
        </p>
      </div>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <a href="../syllabus.xhtml">Course Syllabus</a>
      <a href="./">Schedule</a>
      <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>
      <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer?profile=css3">CSS</a>
      <em>Page last updated <?php echo date('Y-m-d', filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])); ?></em>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>
