<?php
  $html_attributes = "lang=\"en\"";
  if ( array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
       stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
       stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator") )
  {
    $html_attributes = "xmlns=\"http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml\" xml:" . $html_attributes;
    $content_type = "application/xhtml+xml";
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    echo "<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n";
  }
  else
  {
    $content_type = "text/html";
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html <?php echo $html_attributes;?>>
  <head>
    <title>CS-343 Optional Project Addendum</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="<?php echo $content_type;?>; charset=UTF-8" />
    <link rel="shortcut-icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/assignments.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/assignments-print.css" media="print" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="css/jquery-ui-1.8.6.custom.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href= "css/optional_assignment.css" />
    <script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-1.4.2.min.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="js/jquery-ui-1.8.6.custom.min.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="js/optional_assignment.js"></script>
  </head>
  <body id='urn:uuid:C0569C11-F34F-4906-BD16-B18A6A519CAC'>

    <h1>CS-343 Optional Project Addendum</h1>
    <section id="content">
    	<h2>Project Goals</h2>
      <div>
        <p>The goal of the <a href="CSCI-343_Optional_Project.pdf">optional project</a> is for you to demonstrate your understanding
        of cache memory design by developing a tool so that students less enlightened than you can explore the ways in which
        various numerical parameters that enter into the design of a cache memory system interact with one another.</p>
        <p>
        	I am not giving details on how the project “has” to work because the goal of the assignment is for you to figure out
          a design that will let users explore cache parameters in an effective manner. Nonetheless, I am giving you a small sample
          of the sort of thing I am looking for below so you don’t waste too much time getting started.
        </p>
      </div>
      <h2>A Revised Requirement</h2>
      <div>
      	<p>
        	The assignment document says to submit partial code on December 8th. There are several reasons for this requirement, one
          of which is to encourage you to start work on the assignment right away. It it too big a project for you to put it off
          until the end and still hope to do something worth 30% of your course grade. The second reason for this requirement is so
          that I can give you feedback on your approach and can verify that you are actually doing your own development.
        </p>
        <p>
        	I am altering the requirement for what is due on December 8th. You may either submit partial code as originally specified,
          or you may submit written documentation of what your assignment will look like when it is completed. This documentation
          must include a graphical representation of the user interface you plan to construct. It can be hand-drawn on paper and
          submitted as a scanned image, as a Photoshop, Illustrator, SketchUp, etc. document -- check with me if not sure whether I
          will be able to view the format you want to use for submitting it. The documentation must also include a written description
          of the design.
        </p>
        <p>
        	If you submit design documentation instead of partial code on December 8th (and it is acceptable), you can still 
          “meaningful credit” for the assignment by providing only a partially coded project on December 14th. I can’t define
          “meaningful” and “acceptable” precisely, but the idea is that you can get enough credit for the project to make it count
          as much as an exam if you do a good job designing the project and also develop a working subset of the full design. Note
          that you must submit clean, working code no matter what, but that your code does not have to implement all the features
          you designed.
        </p>
      </div>
      <h2>Sliders</h2>
      <div>
      	<p>
          I mentioned “sliders” when talking about the project in class, and several people were confused by this. The basic idea
          of the assignment is that the user will enter a numerical value for one parameter, and the application would show
          how that new value affects the numerical values of other parameters. Feel free to require the user to type in the
          numerical values; a slider is simply a standard graphical element that lets users adjust a numerical value by
          operating a GUI component using the mouse. In Java, you would use a 
          <a href="http://download.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/uiswing/components/slider.html">JSlider</a>; in JavaScript, you might
          use the JQuery UI <a href="http://docs.jquery.com/UI/Slider">Slider</a> plugin.
        </p>
        <p>
        	Use of sliders is <em>not</em> a requirement for this assignment.
        </p>
      </div>
      <h2>Policy on Originality</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
        	In the assignment document, I made explict what the requirements and restrictions are with respect to collaborative
          work: basically, none allowed; you have to do the assignment on your own. Here I am reminding you that the College and
          the University have clear standards for Academic Honesty, which make it the instructor’s decision how to handle cases
          of detected academic dishonesty. <em>My policy is automatic failure in the course and to report the case to the
          College’s Vice President for Student Affairs.</em>
        </p>
      </div>
			<h2>Example</h2>
      <div id="example">
      	<p>
        	This example uses two sliders to illustrate how the number of bytes of memory and the number of bits in a memory byte
          address interact.
        </p>
        <h3>Number of Address Bits</h3>
        <div id="address-bits-slider"></div>
        <p>
          <span class="slider-min">1</span>
          <span class="slider-mid">20</span>
          <span class="slider-max">40</span>
        </p>
        <h3>Number of Memory Locations</h3>
        <div id="memory-locations-slider"></div>
        <p>
          <span class="slider-min">2</span>
          <span class="slider-mid">1M</span>
          <span class="slider-max">1T</span>
        </p>
        <p>
        	Note that you can drag either slider and the other one changes in sync with it, and that the number of locations can only
          be set to a power of two. I’ve made the bottom slider’s scale logarithmic rather than linear.
        </p>
        <p>
          Remember, you are free to use text input boxes instead of sliders for your project.
        </p>
      </div>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <a href="../syllabus.xhtml">Course Syllabus</a>
      <a href="./">Schedule</a>
      <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>
      <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer?profile=css3">CSS</a>
      <em>Page last updated <?php echo date('Y-m-d', filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])); ?></em>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>
