<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if ( array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
       stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
       stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator") )
  {
    $mime_type = "application/xhtml+xml";
    header("Content-type: $mime_type");
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>");
  }
  else
  {
    $mime_type = "text/html";
    header("Content-type: $mime_type; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
                      "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="<?php echo $mime_type;?>; charset=UTF-8" />
    <title>CS-081 Assignment 2</title>
    <link rel="shortcut-icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/assignments.css" />
  </head>
  <body id='urn:uuid:06DB7C35-90CF-4BA0-99DF-9EBD4A91BEB7'>

    <h1>CS-081 Assignment 2</h1>

    <div id="content">
      <h2>Preparation</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          If you have not finished reading chapters 1 and 2 of &ldquo;HTML Dog&rdquo; yet, now is the time to catch up.
          If your eyes glazed over when you read the parts on stylesheets in chapter 1 the first time, you should
          go back and read them again now, armed with the knowledge that the only technique we will use for
          adding CSS to our web pages is through the use of external stylesheets. And we will be using
          <span class="tag-name">link</span> elements. You are free to use the @import construct instead, but
          to reduce complexity, we’ll concentrate on just the one technique.
        </p>
        <p>
          This assignment is due at the same time as <a href="Assignment_01.xhtml">Assignment 1</a>. If you wish,
          you can submit both assignments at the same time. If this assignment is correct, you will get
          retroactive credit for Assignment 1 without having to submit it separately.
        </p>
      </div>

      <h2>The Assignment</h2>
      <div>
        <ol>
          <li>
            <h5>Activate your firefox plugins.</h5>
            <p>
              If you haven’t already done so, activate your Firefox plugins. The issue is that we installed the
              plugins you need for the course (Firebug, YSlow, Web Developer’s Toolbar, Tidy, and MeasureIt),
              but we haven’t figured out how to make them show up when you log in. So that leaves you with the
              job of activating them manually. We found that you can do that simply by installing any plugin
              yourself, and when you restart Firefox, all of them will become active.
            </p>
            <p>
              In class I demonstrated installing a new plugin, and chose the “Download Statusbar” plugin. But
              you can install any plugin you like, even one that is already installed. For example, type “measureit”
              into the google search box, and the first search result will be for the MeasureIt plugin that is already
              installed. Click the big green “Install Now” button, follow the instructions, and when Firefox restarts
              you will be good to go. Let me know if you have any problems with this.
            </p>
            <p>
              You won’t actually be using any of the plugins for this assignment. This step is just to get your site set up
              properly for future assignments.
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <h5>Link a stylesheet to your site’s index page.</h5>
            <p>
              Right click on the <span class="directory-name">css</span> in your site (while in Dreamweaver), and
              select &ldquo;New File&rdquo; from the drop-down menu. The initial name for that file will be
              <span class="file-name">untitled.xhtml</span>; change the name to
              <span class="file-name">assignment_02.css</span>.
            </p>
            <p>
              Link this new stylesheet to your site’s index page. The textbook tells you how to do this using a
              <span class="tag-name">link</span> tag on page 34. But, as demonstrated in class, Dreamweaver will
              generate this code for you automatically. All you have to do is drag
              <span class="file-name">assignment_02.css</span> from the file browser into the code for your index
              page. It goes inside the <span class="tag-name">head</span> element. Initially, your page’s
              head element should look something like this:
            </p>
            <div class="code-block">
  &lt;head>
    &lt;title>My Fabulous CS-081 Web Site&lt;/title>
    &lt;meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="&lt;?php echo $content_type;?>; charset=UTF-8" />
  &lt;/head>
            </div>
            <p>
              Afterwards, it should look like this:
            </p>
            <div class="code-block">
  &lt;head>
    &lt;title>My Fabulous CS-081 Web Site&lt;/title>
    &lt;meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="&lt;?php echo $content_type;?>; charset=UTF-8" />
    &lt;link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="css/assignment_02.css" />
  &lt;/head>
            </div>
            <p>
              Now edit the stylesheet to incorporate the following:
            </p>
            <ul>
              <li>
                Set up a rule so that any <span class="tag-name">h1</span> elements have colors you choose for
                the text and the background of the element. There is exactly one <span class="tag">h1</span>
                tag on the page, so the rule should affect that element. I’ll give you the code for the rule
                to get you started, but you should pick your own colors.
                <div class="code-block">
h1 {
  color:orange;
  background-color:purple;
  }
                </div>
                <p>
                  I tried to pick an ugly color combination here so that you will be motivated to pick better ones!
                  If you know
                  about other ways to specify colors, or want to use Dreamweaver’s “color picker” tool to pick your
                  colors, feel free to do so instead of using color names.
                </p>
              </li>
              <li>
                Now set a background color for the entire web page. The rule should select the
                <span class="tag-name">body</span> element of the page. You can use any color you like, including the
                color or background-color you used for the heading. Just be sure that all the text on the page, including
                the two validation links, remains easy to read.
              </li>
            </ul>
          </li>
          <li>
            <h5>Validate your XHTML and CSS code.</h5>
            <p>
              You should be watching the validator icons provided by the Tidy and Web Developer’s Toolbar while
              testing your code in Firefox to be sure they give green circles all the time. (The Tidy icon is the
              one in the bottom status bar; the Web Developer’s Toolbar actually has three separate ones, which are
              located at the right end of the toolbar, just above the browser’s viewport. (The viewport is the part
              of the browser window where web pages are displayed.)
            </p>
            <p>
              But the final validation test is provided by the external validators. While viewing your web page
              (in any browser), click the two validation links to make sure your XHTML and CSS code are both
              perfect. There must be no warnings and no errors from either validator.
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <h5>Do a link check.</h5>
            <p>
              Even it your site works and validates, it’s still possible to have broken links that won’t show up
              until I copy your site to babbage, where directory and filenames are case-sensitive. Since we set
              up Dreamweaver to do case-sensitive link checking, you can use Dreamweaver to be sure you have no
              broken links in your site. Just right-click anywhere in the Files panel on the left, and select
              &ldquo;Check Links&rdquo; -&gt; &ldquo;Entire Local Site.&rdquo; A panel will show up that tells you
              about any broken links. It should be empty. The F7 key will get rid of the panel (or bring it back.)
            </p>
          </li>
        </ol>
      </div>

      <h2>Submit</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          When you are ready for me to look at your assignment, simply send me an email message to let me
          know. I’ll copy your entire web site to my computer (babbage) and check it out. The full pathname
          to your web site on babbage will be http://babbage.cs.qc.cuny.edu/Grading/cs081/ followed by your
          account name.
        </p>
        <p>
          Send your email message to me at: vickery<span class="at" title="Change to
          @">at</span>babbage.cs.qc.cuny.edu by midnight of the due date.
        </p>
        <p class="standout-block">
          The Subject line of your email message must be: “CS-081 Assignment 2.”
        </p>
        <p>
          Don’t forget to put your name in your email message!
        </p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      <a href="../syllabus.xhtml">Syllabus</a>
      <a href="./">Schedule</a>
      <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>
      <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer?profile=css3">CSS</a>
      <em>Page last updated <?php echo date('Y-m-d', filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])); ?></em>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
