<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if ( array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
       stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
       stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator") )
  {
    $mime_type = "application/xhtml+xml";
    header("Content-type: $mime_type");
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>");
  }
  else
  {
    $mime_type = "text/html";
    header("Content-type: $mime_type; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
                      "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>CS-081 Assignment 6</title>
    <link rel="shortcut-icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/assignments.css" media="all" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/assignments-print.css" media="print" />
  </head>
  <body id='urn:uuid:29A7ABC2-847E-4F49-8F4C-B63DE452741A'>

    <h1>CS-081 Assignment 6
    </h1>
    <h2>Introduction</h2>
    <div>
      <p>
        For this assignment, you are to work with image files that include a gradient that involves levels transparency.
        Using Photoshop to create such image files will leave you only one choice for the file format to use, PNG-24,
        because JPEG files have no support for transparency, and the indexed file formats supported by Photoshop (GIF
        and PNG-8) support only one level of transparency.
      </p>
      <p>
        You will be using two different transparent gradients for two different elements of your web page.
      </p>
      <p>
        The assignment also introduces other positioning mechanisms for CSS boxes in addition to the
        <span class="property-name">float</span> property you have already worked with. The new positioning mechanisms
        are specified using the <span class="property-name">position</span> property, which may take the values,
        <span class="property-value">absolute</span>, <span class="property-value">fixed</span>,
        <span class="property-value">relative</span>, or <span class="property-value">static</span>.
      </p>
      <p>
        The topic of positioning is covered in the textbook, starting on page 107. There is a web page I prepared on
        <a href="../using_photoshop.xhtml">Using Photoshop To Edit Web Images</a> that includes information on
        creating gradients.
      </p>
    </div>
    <h2>The Assignment</h2>
    <div>
      <p>
        You may update the existing stylesheet for your web site for this assignment. So there are no changes to
        the XHTML of your web page required.
      </p>
      <ol>
        <li>
          <h5>Add an element to hold a static background image for your web page.</h5>
          <p>
            Your web page should already have one <span class="tag-name">div</span> element at this point, which you
            added in Assignment 3. Now add a second, empty, <span class="tag-name">div</span> at the beginning of the
            body of the page. To differentiate between the two divs, give each an <span class="property-value">id</span>
            that will uniquely identify it. For the new <span class="tag-name">div</span>, use the value <span
            class="attribute-value">static_background</span>, and for the existing one, use the value <span
            class="attribute-value">content</span>.
          </p>
          <p>
            The first part of the body of your web page should look like this:
          </p>
          <div class="code-block">
&lt;body&gt;
  &lt;div id="static_background"&gt;
  &lt;/div&gt;
  &lt;h1&gt;This is &lt;span title="my-name"&gt;Vickery’s&lt;/span&gt; Web Page&lt;/h1&gt;
  &lt;div id="content"&gt;
      &lt;p&gt;
        Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. &lt;span&gt;&lt;span&gt;M&lt;/span&gt;orbi&lt;/span&gt; varius,
          </div>
          <p class="standout-block">
          	<strong>This is terrible!</strong> The only purpose of the “static_background” <span class="tag-name">div</span>
            is to provide an element for controlling the <em>appearance</em> of the web page. It has no meaningful purpose
            whatsoever, so a purist would be quick to point out that it should not be present in the XHTML file at all, even
            though we are, properly, going to control its appearance using CSS. But “our client” asked for the visual
            effect of having a stationary background for the whole page, and I don’t know how to implement it without this
            content-free <span class="tag-name">div</span>.
          </p>
          <p>
          	Look at your web page; its appearance should not have changed from what it looked like for Assignment 5. Because
            the new <span class="tag-name">div</span> has no content, the browser will allocate no space in the window. Its
            CSS box collapses to nothingness.
          </p>
          <p>
            Make sure everything still validates.
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
        	<h5>Use Photoshop to create a background image for the static_background <span class="tag-name">div</span>.</h5>
          <p>
          	We went over this in class, and the <a href="../using_photoshop.xhtml">Using Photoshop</a> web page tells how
            to do it too. The exact width of the image doesn’t matter because it will be tiled horizontally too fill up
            the <span class="tag-name">div</span>, and the height is actually arbitrary too; I’ll say to use 600 pixels
            just to be concrete, but feel free to experiment.
          </p>
          <p>
          	Make the gradient a solid color that will complement the background color of your web page at the top of the
            image, and have it fade to fully transparent towards the bottom. Save the Photoshop file (with a .psd file
            extension) in your <span class="file-name">images</span> directory (so I can see it when I look at your
            assignment), and use the “Save for web and devices” panel to save a copy in the same directory as a PNG-24
            file (with the .png file extension). Use a descriptive name for the file, such as “vertical_gradient.” (Note
            that if you put a space in the file name, Photoshop will automatically replace it with a hyphen because spaces
            are more bother than they are worth in file and directory names that are used in URLs.)
          </p>
          <p>
          	Add a CSS rule to the stylesheet that selects the static_background <span class="tag-name">div</span>, with
            the following properties:
          </p>
          <ul>
          	<li>Do not specify a background color; that needs to have its default value of transparent.</li>
            <li>The background image is a link to the PNG file you created using Photoshop.</li>
            <li>The background image must repeat in the X direction only.</li>
            <li>
            	The height and width of the element must be set to 100%. (There are other values that would work for the
              height. If you have time, experiment with this setting.) These values are necessary because the
              <span class="tag-name">div</span> would otherwise collapse to nothingness, as described above.
            </li>
            <li>
            	The <span class="property-name">position</span> of the element must be set to 
              <span class="property-value">fixed</span>, and the <span class="property-name">top</span> and
              <span class="property-name">left</span> property values should both be set to 0.
            </li>
          </ul>
          <p>
          	At this point, view the web page and verify that the background image appears solid at the top of and across 
            the full width of the browser window, and that it does not move when you scroll the window vertically. (Or
            horizontally, for that matter.) But it will appear in front of the content on the web page, and you want it to
            go in front of the body element, but in back of the content elements.
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
        	<h5>Adjust the depth (Z) settings to display the fixed background at its proper depth.</h5>
          <p>
          	Set the <span class="property-name">z-index</span> property of the stationary background to -1; this will place
            it behind the content elements of the page. But it will also put it behind the <span class="tag-name">html</span>
            and <span class="tag-name">body</span> elements of the page, so set their
            <span class="property-name">z-index</span> property to -2 to put them behind the stationary background. But
            that won’t work because they are not “positioned” elements, so set their
            <span class="property-name">position</span> property to <span class="property-value">relative</span>
            without specifying a value for <span class="property-name">top</span> property or
            <span class="property-name">left</span> property, a trick that makes them “positioned” without actually
            changing their position or flow within the page. (We went over this in class on April 20.)
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
        	<h5>Add a horizontal gradient to the <span class="tag-name">h1</span> element.</h5>
          <p>
          	Use Photoshop to create a transparent image 800 pixels wide and 25 pixels tall. Add a gradient that is a
            solid color on the right and transparent on the left, with the solid color being one that complements the
            background color of the <span class="tag-name">h1</span> element.
          </p>
          <p>
          	Use a CSS rule to add this image as the background of the <span class="tag-name">h1</span>. Have it repeat
            in the vertical direction, and position its right edge at the right edge of the 
            <span class="tag-name">h1</span>.
          </p>
          <p>
          	Verify that the appearance is correct.
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
        	<h5><em>Optional:</em> add a drop shadow and rounded corners to the <span class="tag-name">h1</span> element.</h5>
          <p>
          	CSS3 supports putting rounded corners on boxes using the 
            <span class="property-name">border-radius</span> property. For boxes that contain text, the radius is normally
            specifed in <span class="property-value">em</span>s. (For boxes that contain pictures, the radius is normally
            specified in pixels.)
          </p>
          <p>
          	Current versions of Chrome and Opera will handle <span class="property-name">border-radius</span> properly,
            but for Safari and Firefox, you will have to use the browser-specific property names,
            <span class="property-name">-webkit-border-radius</span> and 
            <span class="property-name">-moz-border-radius</span>, respectively.
          </p>
          <p class="standout-block">
          	The W3C CSS validator will give errors for the -webkit- and -moz- versions of the property names, but browsers
            that do not recognize them will simply ignore them. Using these browser-specific properties is the one
            exception to the rule for this course that all code must validate with no XHTML errors or warnings and no
            CSS errors or warnings. The errors for using -moz- and -webkit- properties, and only these errors, are allowed.
          </p>
          <p>
          	To add a drop shadow, the property name is <span class="property-name">box-shadow</span> property, and
            there are four values to specify: the offset in the X direction, the offset in the Y direction, the spread
            of the shadow (bigger values make the shadow bigger), and the color of the shadow. There are -moz- and
            -webkit- versions of this property also.
          </p>
          <p>
          	Microsoft has announced that Internet Explorer 9 will support CSS3 properties such as these when it becomes
            available.
          </p>
        </li>
      </ol>
    </div>
    <h2>Submission</h2>
    <div>
      <p>
        When you are ready for me to look at your assignment, simply send me an email message to let me
        know. I’ll manually copy your entire web site to my computer (babbage) and check it out. The full pathname
        to your web site on babbage will be http://babbage.cs.qc.cuny.edu/Grading/cs081/ followed by your
        account name.
      </p>
      <p>
        Send your email message to me at: <span class="email">vickery<span class="at" title="Change to
        @">at</span>babbage.cs.qc.cuny.edu</span> by midnight of the due date.
      </p>
      <p class="standout-block">
        The Subject line of your email message must be: “CS-081 Assignment 6.”
      </p>
      <p>
        Don’t forget to put your name in your email message!
      </p>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      <a href="../syllabus.xhtml">Syllabus</a>
      <a href="./">Schedule</a>
      <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>
      <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer?profile=css3">CSS</a>
      <em>Page last updated <?php echo date('Y-m-d', filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])); ?></em>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
