# CS-343 E6MBA (2686) - Computer Architecture - Spring, 2004
# Email address            ID  Last name    First name
nobody@nowhere.no         9999 Baumann      Richard
nobody@nowhere.no         9999 Benmoussa    Ayoub
nobody@nowhere.no         9999 Capili       Diana Jean
nobody@nowhere.no         9999 Chavez       Sarita
nobody@nowhere.no         9999 Chen         Si
nobody@nowhere.no         9999 Edele        Robert
nobody@nowhere.no         9999 EL-Rowmeim   Amin
nobody@nowhere.no         9999 Hernandez    Jimmy
nobody@nowhere.no         9999 Hong         Jong-Pyo
nobody@nowhere.no         9999 Hou          Zhang Qi
nobody@nowhere.no         9999 Ibrahimagic  Armen
nobody@nowhere.no         9999 Khanna       Himanshu
nobody@nowhere.no         9999 Kim          Eunkyung
nobody@nowhere.no         9999 Lam          Frank
nobody@nowhere.no         9999 Langer       Edward
nobody@nowhere.no         9999 Martinos     Dany
nobody@nowhere.no         9999 Mathew       Bennet
nobody@nowhere.no         9999 Mistry       Sweta
nobody@nowhere.no         9999 Ng           Kwan Yu
nobody@nowhere.no         9999 Pumpalovic   Milos
nobody@nowhere.no         9999 Shrivastava  Reenu
nobody@nowhere.no         9999 Sonnenblick  Michael
nobody@nowhere.no         9999 Sun          Shih Ming
nobody@nowhere.no         9999 Suri         Parik
nobody@nowhere.no         9999 Tam          Hok Bong
nobody@nowhere.no         9999 Toom         onTy
nobody@nowhere.no         9999 Villao       Leo Xavier Villegas
nobody@nowhere.no         9999 Wu           Rong
nobody@nowhere.no         9999 Yen          Shih-Chun
vickery@babbage.cs.qc.edu 9999 Student      Perfect
