<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if ( (array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml"))
       ||
       (array_key_exists("HTTP_USER_AGENT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator"))
     )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
          "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>

    <title>CS-090.3 Assignment 7</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="../../css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/style-print.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="all"
          href="../../css/assignments.css" />
  </head>
  <body>

    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-090.3 Assignment 7</h1>
    </div>

    <div id="content">
      <h2>Introduction</h2>
      <div>
        For this assignment, you are to look up the user&rsquo;s email address and password in the database.
      </div>

      <h2>Project Description</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          Each student has his or her own database on <span class="computerName">maple</span>: the database name and the
          user name for accessing it are both your own last name (uncapitalized). The password is the word
          &ldquo;secret.&rdquo; If the user supplies a valid QC email address, connect to your database using the <span
          class="functionName">pg_connect()</span> function. If your last name is Jones, your connection string would be
          <span class="codeSnippet">host=maple.cs.qc.edu&nbsp;dbname=jones&nbsp;user=jones&nbsp;password=secret</span>.
          Remember, you can access your database only from computers on campus (IP address of 149.4.xxx.xxx).
        </p>
        <p>
          If the email address supplied by the user matches any email addresses in the <span
          class="variableName">people</span> table of the database, list the <span
          class="variableName">first_name</span> and <span class="variableName">last_name</span> fields for all matching
          addresses. If the email address is not in the <span class="variableName">people</span> table, print a message
          saying so.
        </p>
      </div>

      <h2>Submit the Assignment</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          When you have tested your web pages, send me an email message to me saying your assignment
          is ready; I will get a copy from your account on the server and check it out. Send your
          email to:
        </p>
        <address>
          Christopher.Vickery<span class="at" title="Change to @">AT</span>qc.cuny.edu
        </address>
        <p class="standout_block">
          Be sure the Subject Line of your email says <span
          class="codeblock">CS-90.3&nbsp;Assignment&nbsp;7</span>, just like that, to be sure your
          message does not get trapped by my spam filters.
        </p>
        <p>Be sure to sign your email so I can tell who sent it!</p>
      </div>
    </div>

    <div id="footer">
      Last updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME']));
      ?>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="../../../courses">Vickery Home</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="./">Course Schedule</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="../../cs090.3">CSCI-090.3 Home Page</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
