<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if ( (array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml"))
       ||
       (array_key_exists("HTTP_USER_AGENT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator"))
     )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
          "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>

    <title>CS-090.3 Assignment 3</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="../../css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/style-print.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="all"
          href="../../css/assignments.css" />
  </head>
  <body>

    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-090.3 Assignment 3</h1>
    </div>

    <div id="content">
      <h2>Introduction</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          If you haven&rsquo;t done <a href="Assignment_02.xhtml">Assignment 2</a> yet, do so now. This assignment adds
          new features to that project.
        </p>
        <p>
          This assignment starts developing the event-handling model for projects in this course, based on code from the
          Core library presented in the textbook.
        </p>
        <p>
          The end result of the project will be the same page as the one you developed for Assignment 2, but modified so
          that paragraphs will be highlighed when the user clicks on (or hovers over) them.
          </p>
      </div>

      <h2>Project Description</h2>
      <div>
        <h3>Set Up The Assignment</h3>
        <p>
          Create a subdirectory named <span class="directoryName">Assignment_03</span> under your <span
          class="directoryName">My Website</span> directory for this assignment. Copy your web page for Assignment 2
          into this directory. If you do this using Dreamweaver, it will automatically update your links to the script
          and stylesheet you used for Assignment 2 in this new file. Change the name of this file to <span
          class="fileName"> index.xhtml </span> if that is not its name already. Make a copy of your script file for
          Assignment 2, and change its name to <span class="fileName">assignment_03.js</span>; fix the link in your
          <span class="tagName">script</span> tag in <span class="fileName"> index.xhtml </span> so it refers to this
          file.
        </p>
        <p class="standout_block">
          Remove the call to <span class="functionName">setInterval()</span> from your <span
          class="variableName">window.onload</span> handler.
        </p>

        <h3>Set Up Click Listeners</h3>
        <p>
          In your <span class="variableName">window.onload</span> handler, call a function named <span
          class="functionName">addEventListener()</span> <strong>for each paragraph</strong> in the document that is
          inside the <span class="variableName">content</span> <span class="tagName">div</span>. Pass three arguments to
          the function: a reference to the paragraph, the string <span class="codeSnippet">"click"</span>, and a
          reference to the function you used in Assignment 2 for highlighting successive paragraphs. Be
          sure to pass a reference to the function (no parentheses after the function name) rather than calling it here.
          Note that the function named <span
          class="functionName">addListener()</span> is one that you are going to write, but doesn&rsquo;t exist yet,
          so do not test your code yet. 
        </p>
        <h3>Implement W3C-only Version of <span class="functionName">addListener()</span></h3>
        <p>
          Implement the function <span class="functionName">addListener()</span> using the following code:
        </p>
        <p class="code_block">
  function addListener(target, eventType, listener)
  {
  	target.addEventListener(eventType, listener, false);
  }
        </p>
        <p>
          Now you can test your code. Every time you click on any paragraph inside the <span
          class="variableName">content</span> <span class="tagName">div</span>, the next paragraph in sequence should be
          highlighted. At his point, it doesn&rsquo;t matter which paragraph you click on; they are all handled the
          same.  The code should work in Firefox, Opera, and Safari, but not Internet Explorer. To accomplish that, you
          need to modify your <span class="functionName">addListener()</span> function to test whether <span
          class="variableName">target.addEventListener</span> is defined or not and, if it is not, call <span
          class="functionName">target.attachEvent()</span> instead. Remember that the first parameter passed to <span
          class="functionName">attachEvent()</span> has to have 'on' prepended to it, and there is no third parameter
          for that function.
        </p>
        <p>
        	Test your code in all browsers to see that you can highlight successive paragraphs by clicking in any
          paragraph(s).
        </p>

			<h3>Code The Actual Event Listener</h3>
      <p>
        There is no way for the code you are using as an event listener to tell which paragraph the user clicked on. You
        simply assigned one function to serve as the event listener for click events on each paragraph. Unfortunately,
        Internet Explorer (even IE8, it seems) solves this issue differently from W3C browsers. To learn how to deal with
        this situation, we are going to change the effect our web page creates. Instead of each click highlighting the
        &ldquo;next&rdquo; paragraph in sequence, the paragraph the user clicks on will be highlighted and any other
        paragraphs that happen to be highlighted will be un-highlighted. If the user clicks on a paragraph that is already
        highlighted, it will simply be un-highlighted.
      </p>
      <p class="standout_block">
        Since this effect is fairly complicated, you will implement the effect for W3C browsers first. Then when that part
        is working, you will add the code to make it work for Internet Explorer.
      </p>
      <p>
        Details on setting up the event listeners and the highlight manager were covered in class on March 11.
      </p>
      </div>

      <h2>Submit the Assignment</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          When you have built and tested your web page, send me an email message to me saying your assignment
          is ready; I will get a copy from your account on the server and check it out. Send your
          email to:
        </p>
        <address>
          Christopher.Vickery<span class="at" title="Change to @">AT</span>qc.cuny.edu
        </address>
        <p class="standout_block">
          Be sure the Subject Line of your email says <span
          class="codeblock">CS-90.3&nbsp;Assignment&nbsp;3</span>, just like that, to be sure your
          message does not get trapped by my spam filters.
        </p>
        <p>Be sure to sign your email so I can tell who sent it!</p>
      </div>
    </div>

    <div id="footer">
      Last updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME']));
      ?>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="../../../courses">Vickery Home</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="./">Course Schedule</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="../../cs090.3">CSCI-090.3 Home Page</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
