<?php
  $mime_type = "text/html";
  $html_attributes="lang=\"en\"";
  if ( array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        (stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml") ||
         stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xml") )
       ||
       (array_key_exists("HTTP_USER_AGENT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator"))
     )
  {
    $mime_type = "application/xhtml+xml";
    $html_attributes = "xmlns=\"http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml\" xml:lang=\"en\"";
    header("Content-type: $mime_type");
    echo "<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"UTF-8\"?>\n";
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: $mime_type; charset=utf-8");
  }
?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html <?php echo $html_attributes;?>>
  <head>

    <title>CSCI 903 Assignment 1</title>
    <link rel='alternate' type='application/atom+xml' title='Atom' href='../feed.xml' />
    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../css/assignments.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/style-print.css"
    />
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>CSCI 903 Assignment 1</h1>
    <h2>Overview</h2>
    <section>
      <p>
        Your first assignment is to create a web page that meets the requirements common
        to all assignments for the course: it must use the XHTML serialized version of
        HTML 5, it must use CSS-3 to manage the appearance of the page, and it must
        include links at the bottom of the page which, when clicked, verifiy that the page
        passes W3C validation for both XHTML and CSS-3 with no errors, and only the
        unavoidable warning that the XHTML validator itself is experimental.
      </p>
      <p>
        Your page is to consist of an <code>h1</code> element followed by 10-20 paragraphs
        filled with dummy Latin text. There are a number of sites on line that will
        generate dummy Latin text for you to use: one is <a
        href='http://www.lipsum.com/'>Lipsum.com</a>.
      </p>
      <p>
        Here is the code to use for linking to the W3C validators (copied from the code at
        the bottom of this page!):
      </p>
      <code class='block'>
&lt;footer&gt;
  &lt;a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer"&gt;XHTML&lt;/a&gt; —
  &lt;a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer?profile=css3"&gt;CSS&lt;/a&gt;
&lt;/footer&gt;
      </code>
      <h3>Style Sheet</h3>
      <p>
        Set up a separate style sheet for your web page. You may format the heading and
        paragraphs any way you like (or not at all), but you must include CSS code that
        makes the text in each paragraph change to red when the user’s mouse hovers over
        it, except for the fourth paragraph, which must change to blue. Your HTML code may
        contain no <code>class</code> or <code>id</code> attributes and no embedded CSS
        code.
      </p>
      <p>
        We will go over more details on how to complete the assignment in class on January
        31.
      </p>
      <p>
        The assignment is due by midnight on February 5. To submit this assignment, email
        me a zip file containing your HTML and CSS documents.
      </p>
      <p>
        <em>Do not submit the assignment until you have tested it to be sure the
        validation links work successfully and the mouse behavior operates as
        specified.</em>
      </p>
    </section>
    <footer>
      <a href='.'>Class Schedule</a> —
      <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a> —
      <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer?profile=css3">CSS</a>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>
