<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if (  array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator")
      )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head><title>Presentations</title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />

<!--  Screen-only styles  -->
<style type="text/css" media="screen">
  body, html
  {
    background-color: #ffffcc;
    font-family:      sans-serif;
    color:            #606010;
    margin:           1em;
  }
</style>

<!--  Media-independent styles  -->
<style type="text/css">
  h1 {text-align: center; }
  p { margin-left: 1em; margin-right: 1em; }
  .indent { margin-left: 2em; margin-right: 2em; }
  .footer { text-align: center; font-size: 0.7em; }
  .whitebox {
    background-color: white;
    color:            #661;
    border:           solid 1px blue;
    margin:           1em;
    padding:          1em;
    }
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>Christopher Vickery&rsquo;s Presentations</h1>

<div class="whitebox">

  <h2><a href="2010-04-30_Discipline_Council.html">Assessment and the Introductory Course</a></h2>
  <p>Presentation to the CUNY Computer Science Discipline Council, April 30, 2010.</p>
  
  <h2><a href="2006-11-10_Discipline_Council.pdf">Web Design As a Lead-in To
  Computer Science For Non-majors</a></h2>
  
  <p>Presentation to the CUNY Computer Science Discipline Council, November
  10, 2006.</p>

  <h2><a href="2006-03-01_WRCE_Presentation.pdf">Configware in the Computer
  Science Curriculum</a></h2>
  
  <p class="indent">Presentation at the First Workshop on Reconfigurable
  Computing Education, Karlsruhe, Germany, March 1, 2006.  Title of
  submitted paper was &ldquo;Fabricware in the Computer Science
  Curriculum.&rdquo;</p>

  <h2><a href="./2004-03-11_CityTech.pdf">Queens College
         Digital Design Laboratory</a></h2>

  <p class="indent">Presentation at New York City College of Technology,
     March 11, 2004.</p>

  <h2><a href="./2003-10-03_CUNY_Discipline_Council.pdf">Leveraging CS
  Software Skills in the Digital Design Process</a></h2>

  <p class="indent">Presentation to the CUNY Computer Science
  Discipline Council, October 3, 2003.</p>

  <h2><a href="./2003-06-08_WCAE_Presentation.pdf">Laboratory Options for
  Computer Science Majors</a></h2>

  <p class="indent">With Tamara Blain.  Presentation given at the 2003
  Workshop on Computer Architecture Education (WCAE), San Diego, June 8,
  2003.</p>

  <h2><a href="./2002-02-25_PJVM_Colloquium.pdf">The Persistent Java
  Virtual Machine (PJVM)</a></h2>

  <p class="indent">With Eric Shamow.  Presentation to the Queens College
  Computer Science Department, February 25, 2002.</p>

</div>
<hr />
<p class="footer">
  <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
    <strong>XHTML</strong></a>&nbsp;
  <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">
    <strong>CSS</strong></a>
</p>

</body></html>
