<?php
  if (array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
      stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">

  <head>

    <title>Hardware Lab Syllabus</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="/favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="../../css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/style-print.css"
    />        

  </head>

  <body>

    <div id="header">
      <h1>Hardware Lab Syllabus</h1>
    </div>

    <div id="content">
      <h2>Reading Material</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
        <p>There is no textbook for this course.  Rather, your reading and
        study assignments come from three sources:</p>
        <dl>
          <dt><a href="./Manuals">Reference Manuals</a></dt>
          <dd>There are several manuals available online that you will need
          to consult as you work on the laboratory assignments for the
          course.</dd>
          <dt>Laboratory Assignments</dt>
          <dd>There will be links to the laboratory assignments for the
          course on this semester&rsquo;s course schedule as they become
          available.</dd>
          <dt>Web Modules</dt>
          <dd>There are some Java programs that are referenced from the
          laboratory assignments.  Some illustrate concepts, and some
          provide tools to help you do the assignments.</dd>
        </dl>
      </div>
      <h2>Course Structure</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">

        <p>The syllabus for the course consists of a series of laboratory
        assignments designed to provide you with a basic mastery of hardware
        design using Field Programmable Logic Arrays (FPGAs).  The structure
        varies from semester to semester, but there are typically five
        assignments, with each assignment normally consisting of more than
        one project.  Assignment grades are based on coding style, coding
        efficiency, and documentation.  The assignments will make up
        approximately 20% of your course grade.  You are expected to work
        with a partner on the assignments, and you are encouraged to seek
        help from and to give help to other people in the course when
        working on the assignments.  However, each team is to submit its own
        version of each assignment.</p>

        <p>At the beginning of the semester and occasionally later in the
        semester as well, there will be lectures.  Normally, however, you
        will be spending your class time in the laboratory in Room A-227. 
        The software in the lab requires a license to run, but you can
        access the lab computers, as well as some additional ones that are
        in Room A-205, from off campus provided you have a broadband
        Internet connection.  In addition, you can get a key to the lab from
        the department office when it is open, or from the campus main gate
        on weekends.  You need to work in the lab itself in order to test
        your projects on the laboratory kits.</p>

        <p>There will be a midterm and a final exam, which will be based on
        material covered in lectures and on both the principles and the
        techniques learned by doing the laboratory assignments.  The exams
        will count 40% of your course grade each.</p>

      </div>
    </div>

    <div id="footer">
    <hr />
      <p class="links">
        <a href="../../">Vickery Home</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;
        <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
        XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;
        <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">
        CSS</a>
      </p>
      <p><em>Last updated
        <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME']));
        ?>.</em>
      </p>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
