<?php
  if (array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
      stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">

  <head>

    <title>CS-345/780 Laboratory I</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="/favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="/courses/css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="/courses/css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="/courses/css/style-print.css"
    />        

  </head>

  <body>

    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-345/780 Laboratory I</h1>
    </div>

    <div id="content">
      <h2>Introduction</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">

        <p>The goal of this laboratory session is to familiarize you with the
        laboratory, using your account, and managing projects.  It uses the
        pipelined multiplier handed out in class on September 13 as the
        project to work with.</p>
      </div>
      
      <h2>Procedure</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
        <ol>
        
          <li>
          
            <h5>Log into your account and set up a workspace and a
            project.</h5>  <p class="inline">Log into any one of the
            computers in A-227 using your account name for this course,
            which consists of the first letter of your first name, your last
            name, and the digits &ldquo;345&rdquo; or &ldquo;780&rdquo;all
            as a single lower-case string.  That is, if you are an
            undergraduate and your name is "Always A. Good Student", your
            account name is <em>astudent345</em>.  Use the password given to
            you in class, and remember that you will be required to change
            it to something secure the first time you log in.</p>

            <p>The names of the computers are:</p>
            
            <table  summary="Lists of computer names in A-205 and A-227."
                    id="computers">
            
              <tr><th>A-205</th><th>A-227</th></tr>
              <tr><td>birch</td><td>apple</td></tr>
              <tr><td>cherry</td><td>fir</td></tr>
              <tr><td>chestnut</td><td>juniper</td></tr>
              <tr><td>elm</td><td>mimosa</td></tr>
              <tr><td>ginkgo</td><td>peach</td></tr>
              <tr><td>hemlock</td><td>pine</td></tr>
              <tr><td>hickory</td><td>plum</td></tr>
              <tr><td>&nbsp;</td><td>spruce</td></tr>
              <tr><td>&nbsp;</td><td>sycamore</td></tr>
              <tr><td>&nbsp;</td><td>walnut</td></tr>
            
            </table>
            
            <p>Room 205 is an &ldquo;open lab,&rdquo; which means you can
            use the computers there any time you want.  The secretaries in
            the CS Department Office (A-202) will open the lab for you if it
            is closed.  Room 227 is a closed lab, available only during
            class times.  However, all of the computers are accessible from
            the Internet.  If you have access to a computer running Windows
            XP with a broadband connection, you can use <span
            class="programName">Remote Desktop </span> to log in.  From the
            Start button, go to Programs, to  Accessories, to
            Communications, and you will find it.  When it asks you what
            computer you want to connect to, pick one of the names above and
            add the domain name &ldquo;.cs.qc.edu&rdquo; to the computer
            name.  For example, you would log into <em>ginkgo</em> by
            entering <em>ginkgo.cs.qc.edu</em>.</p>

              <p class="standoutBlock">When you use Remote Desktop,
              select one of the computers in A-227 so that students
              who are on campus will be able to use the computers in
              A-205.  The exception, of course, is when our class uses
              room A-227 between 5:00 and 6:15 pm on Tuesdays and
              Thursdays.</p>

            <p>Use <em>Windows Explorer</em> to verify that your &ldquo;My
            Documents&rdquo; directory contains a directory named &ldquo;My
            Projects.&rdquo;</p>
            
            <p>Start the DK GUI and create a new workspace.  Use your <span
            class="fileName">My Projects</span> directory as the path to the
            workspace.  Use cs345 or cs780 as the workspace name.  This
            should immediately create an empty directory named <span
            class="fileName">cs345</span> in your My Projects directory.</p>
            
            <p>Add a project named <span class="fileName">Multiplier</span>
            to your workspace.  Select "core" as the type of project.  Exit
            DK.</p>

            <p>Verify that you have created a file named <span
            class="fileName">cs345.hw</span> in your My Projects\cs345
            directory.  [From here on, substitute &ldquo;780&rdquo; as
            necessary in these instructions.]  Make sure there is a
            subdirectory named <span class="fileName">Multiplier</span>, and
            that there is a Multiplier.hp file in the project directory.</p>

            <h5>Log off the computer you used and log into another
            one.</h5>  <p class="inline">On the second computer, verify that
            your workspace and project directories and their files appear on
            the second computer, indicating that your &ldquo;profile&rdquo;
            (settings) were successfully copied to the domain server (<span
            class="computerName">maple</span>) when you logged off the first
            computer and that they were then copied to the second computer
            when you logged into it.  If you have any problems with this
            step, contact Dr. Vickery for help before proceeding with the
            remainder of the assignment.</p>

          </li>
          
          <li>
          
            <h5>Add the multiplier.hcc file to the project, edit the
            multiplier code, and simulate it.</h5>

          </li>
        
        </ol>
      </div>
    </div>

    <div id="footer">
    <hr />
      <p class="links">
        <a href="/">Vickery Home</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;
        <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
        XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;
        <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">
        CSS</a>
      </p>
      <p><em>Last updated
        <?php echo gmdate("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME']));
        ?>.</em>
      </p>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
