# 343 Computer Architecture    2983 9T3FA
# Tue, Fri  9:25 -- 10:40 am SB B141
nobody@nowhere.no               9999 Belgada Mohammed
nobody@nowhere.no               9999 Birenzweig Shai
nobody@nowhere.no               9999 Cortez Jeffrey
nobody@nowhere.no               9999 Cusumano Domenico
nobody@nowhere.no               9999 Dutan Fausto
nobody@nowhere.no               9999 Flores Ludwin
nobody@nowhere.no               9999 Htun Zin
nobody@nowhere.no               9999 Jia Lin
nobody@nowhere.no               9999 Kim James
nobody@nowhere.no               9999 Lee Eun
nobody@nowhere.no               9999 Lotito Louis
nobody@nowhere.no               9999 Marmaras Maria
nobody@nowhere.no               9999 Pasternak Danielle
nobody@nowhere.no               9999 Pyram Joseph
nobody@nowhere.no               9999 Rusin Roman
nobody@nowhere.no               9999 Shao Jia
nobody@nowhere.no               9999 Sze Wing Hin Iry
nobody@nowhere.no               9999 Yi Sang Bon
nobody@nowhere.no               9999 Yoo Jungwon
vickery@babbage.cs.qc.edu       9999 Student Perfect
