<?php
  if (array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
      stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">

  <head>

    <title>Final Exam Topics</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="/favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="/courses/css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="/courses/css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="/courses/css/style-print.css"
    />        

  </head>

  <body>

    <div id="header">
      <h1>Final Exam Topics</h1>
    </div>

    <div id="content" class="whitebox">
      <h2>Study Guide</h2>

        <p>Several people have asked for a study guide for the final exam. 
        It is understandable that you would be nervous about the exam
        because it counts so much compared to the projects, which have taken
        up all your time for this course.  The first piece of guidance is
        that if you have done the projects and understand their designs and
        inmplementations, you should already be prepared for the exam. 
        Study the assignment web pages and the code you wrote, and you
        should do fine.</p>
        
        <p>The exam will be based on material covered since the midterm, but
        the nature of the course is that you will need to remember the
        earlier material in order to work with the newer material.</p>
        
        <p>The format will be similar to the midterm: short-answer
        questions.</p>
        
        <p>I intend for the exam to be short and easy, but that assumes you
        do understand the concepts we worked with in the labs.</p>
        
        <p>A random selection of possible topics, not at all guaranteed to
        be complete:</p>
        
        <ul>
          <li>Handel-C bit operations</li>
          <li>Timing constraints for video and audio</li>
          <li>Touchscreen concepts</li>
          <li>Color concepts</li>
          <li>The geometry of seven-segment displays, including
          triangles.</li>
          <li>&hellip; ?</li>
        </ul>

    </div>

    <div id="footer">
    <hr />
      <p class="links">
        <a href="/">Vickery Home</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;
        <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
        XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;
        <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">
        CSS</a>
      </p>
      <p><em>Last updated
        <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME']));
        ?>.</em>
      </p>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
