<?php
  if (array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
      stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">

  <head>

    <title>CS-345/780 Laboratory 1</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="/favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="/courses/css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="/courses/css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="/courses/css/style-print.css"
    />        

  </head>

  <body>

    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-345/780 Laboratory 1</h1>
    </div>

    <div id="content" class="whitebox">
      <ol>
      
        <li>

          <h5>Log into your account and verify that it is working
          correctly.</h5> <p class="runin">Log into any one of the computers
          in A-205 or A-227 using your account name for this course, which
          consists of  your last name and the digits &ldquo;345&rdquo; or
          &ldquo;780&rdquo; depending on which course you are registered
          for.  Use the password given to you in class, and remember that
          you will be required to change it to something secure the first
          time you log in.</p>

          <p>The names of the computers are:</p>

          <table  summary="Lists of computer names in A-205 and A-227."
                  id="computers">

            <tr><th>A-205</th><th>A-227</th></tr>
            <tr><td>birch</td><td>apple</td></tr>
            <tr><td>cherry</td><td>fir</td></tr>
            <tr><td>chestnut</td><td>juniper</td></tr>
            <tr><td>elm</td><td>mimosa</td></tr>
            <tr><td>ginkgo</td><td>peach</td></tr>
            <tr><td>hemlock</td><td>pine</td></tr>
            <tr><td>hickory</td><td>plum</td></tr>
            <tr><td>&nbsp;</td><td>spruce</td></tr>
            <tr><td>&nbsp;</td><td>sycamore</td></tr>
            <tr><td>&nbsp;</td><td>walnut</td></tr>

          </table>

          <p>If you are on campus, you can access the computers in room
          A-205 any time the department office is open; a secretary in the
          office will open the room for you if necessary.  If you want to
          work from off campus and have a broadband Internet connection,
          you can access any of the computers by using the <span
          class="programName">Remote Desktop Connection</span> tool
          provided by Microsoft for both Windows and Macintosh computers. 
          On Windows XP, it is located under <span
          class="menuItem">Start-&gt;Applications-&gt;Communication</span>. 
          On Macintosh OSX is is under <span
          class="menuItem">Applications</span>.  Add <span
          class="codeSnippet">.cs.qc.edu</span> to one of the computer
          names listed above when prompted for the computer to connect
          to.</p>

          <p>If you log in from off campus, you should use one of the
          computers in room A-227 so that people who are on campus can use
          the machines in A-205.  (Only one person can be logged into a
          computer at a time.)</p>

          <p>Once logged in, use <em>Windows Explorer</em> to verify that
          your &rsquo;My Documents&rsquo; directory contains a directory
          named &rsquo;My Projects.&rsquo;</p>

        </li>

        <li>

          <h5>Set up DK for projects in this course.</h5> <p
          class="runin">Follow the directions on the <a
          href="../configuring_dk.xhtml">Configuring DK Web Page</a> for
          setting up your first project for the course.</p>

        </li>

      </ol>      

    </div>

    <div id="footer">
    <hr />
      <p class="links">
        <a href="/">Vickery Home</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;
        <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
        XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;
        <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">
        CSS</a>
      </p>
      <p><em>Last updated
        <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME']));
        ?>.</em>
      </p>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
