<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if (  array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator")
      )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .date('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
    $doctype = "XHTML5";
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
    $doctype = "HTML5";
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>CS-343 Assignment 4</title>
    <link rel='alternate' type='application/atom+xml' title='Atom' href='./feed.xml' />
    <link rel="shortcut-icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/assignments.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/assignments-print.css" media="print" />
    <style type="text/css">
      img {border:1px solid blue;}
      .big-sig {font-size:1.2em; font-weight:bold;position:relative;top:0.1em;}
    </style>
  </head>
  <body id='urn:uuid:2E3DD4B4-D13B-4596-8109-A66E7541B6B8'>
    <h1>CS-343 Assignment 4<br/>
    Due March 8</h1>
    <div id="content">
      <h2>Reading Assignment, Reference Material, and Resources</h2>
      <p>
        No new reading assignments: review <a href="../Measurement.pdf">the supplementary material
        on measurement</a>, Appendix C of the textbook, the previous assignments, and your class
        notes in preparation for the exam on March 10. 
      </p>
      <h2>Assignment To Hand In</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          Answer the following questions. You may either bring hard copy to class on the due date, or
          you can submit your answers in <em>the body of</em> and email message that has
          <code>CS-343 Assignment 4</code> as the subject line.  If you send email, you will not
          receive credit for an attachment: you must put your answers in the body of your email
          message.
        </p>
        <ol>
          <li>
            Write the complete equation for c<span class="subscript">2</span> using carry-lookahead logic.
            That is, the only variables you can use are c<span class="subscript">0</span>,
            g<span class="subscript">0</span>, p<span class="subscript">0</span>, g<span class="subscript">1</span>,
            and p<span class="subscript">1</span>. (The answer is in the textbook.)
          </li>
          <li>
            Rewrite the equation for c<span class="subscript">2</span> using only the only variables:
            a<span class="subscript">0</span>, b<span class="subscript">0</span>, c<span class="subscript">0</span>,
            a<span class="subscript">1</span>, b<span class="subscript">1</span>. Note that you may
            <em>not</em> use c<span class="subscript">1</span> in the expression.
          </li>
          <li>
            Why must you not use c<span class="subscript">1</span> in the previous equation?
          </li>
          <li>
            Give the sum of products value for segment 1 of a seven segment display using sigma notation.
            For example: segment 0 is on for the digits 0, 2, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, A, C, E, and F, so the sum of
            products value for segment 0 using sigma notation would be <span class="big-sig">Σ</span>(0, 2, 3,
            5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, 14, 15).
          </li>
          <li>
            Use a Karnaugh Map to minimize the answer to the previous question.
          </li>
          <li>
            Define arithmetic <em>overflow</em> for two’s complement numbers.
          </li>
          <li>
            When is the <em>Z</em> condition code bit true?
          </li>
          <li>
            When is the <em>N</em> condition code bit true?
          </li>
          <li>
            What is the bit-wise AND of 0xFFFF and 0x1234?
          </li>
          <li>
            What is the bit-wise OR of 0x1234 and 0x7DCB?
          </li>
          <li>
            What is the decimal value of the 16-bit two’s complement number 0xFFFC?
          </li>
          <li>
            What is the decimal value of the 16-bit two’s complement number 0x0064?
          </li>
          <li>
            Convert the 16-bit two’s complement number 0x89AB to the equivalent 32-bit number. Answer in
            hexadecimal.
          </li>
          <li>
            Convert the 16-bit two’s complement number 0x789A to the equivalent 32-bit number. Answer in
            hexadecimal.
          </li>
          <li>
            What is the two’s complement of 0x1234? Answer in hexadecimal.
          </li>
          <li>
            What is the two’s complment of 0xFFFF? Answer in hexadecimal.
          </li>
          <li>What is the decimal value of the 16-bit two’s complement number, 0xFF85?</li>
          <li>What is the decimal value of the 16-bit two’s complement number, 0x0123?</li>
          <li>
            Assume the slide switches are set to 011 101 1100 for Assignment 3.
            <ol>
              <li>What is the binary value of A?</li>
              <li>What is the binary value of B?</li>
              <li>What is the binary value of A'?</li>
              <li>What is the binary value of B'?</li>
              <li>What is the binary result of ANDing A' and B'?</li>
              <li>What is the binary result of ORing A' and B'?</li>
              <li>What is the binary result of Adding A' + B' + C<span class="subscript">0</span></li>
              <li>What is the binary value of the SLT<span class="subscript">in</span> inputs to the slices?</li>
              <li>What are C<span class="subscript">2</span> and C<span class="subscript">3</span>?</li>
              <li>What are the names and values of the four condition code bits?</li>
              <li>What is the result output of the ALU, in binary?</li>
            </ol>
          </li>
          <li>
            Draw all the gates to implement an 8&#x00D7;1 multiplexer. If you submit the assignment on paper, you
            may draw the gates as a Quartus block diagram file and print the diagram. If you submit the assignment
            by email, you may submit the block diagram file itself. Be sure to include the input and output pins
            and to name them meaningfully.
          </li>
        </ol>
      </div>
    </div>
    <footer>
      <a href="../syllabus.xhtml">Course Syllabus</a>
      <a href="./">Schedule</a>
      <em>Page last updated <?php echo date('Y-m-d', filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])); ?></em>
      <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer"><?php echo $doctype; ?></a>
      <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer?profile=css3">CSS3</a>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>
