<?php
  if (array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
      stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">

  <head>

    <title>CS-343 Assignment 1</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="/favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../../courses/css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="../../../courses/css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../../courses/css/style-print.css"
    />        

  </head>

  <body>

    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-343 Assignment 1</h1>
    </div>

    <div id="content">

      <h2>Reading</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
        <ul>
          <li><a href="../Background_Material.pdf">Background Material</a></li>
          <li>Textbook, Chapters 1 (all) and 2 (Sections 2.1 through 2.6).</li>
          <li>Textbook, <a href="../COAD3e/Appendix_B.pdf">Appendix B.</a></li>
          <li><a href="../../Minimize/">Web Page on Minimization</a></li>
        </ul>
      </div>

      <h2>Exercises</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
        <ul>
          <li>Questions 1-12 from the end of the <cite>Background
          Material</cite>.</li>
          <li>Exercises 1.1 through 1.48 from the end of Chapter 1.</li>
          <li>Nothing from Chapter 2: just read through the material
          for now.</li>
        </ul>
      </div>

      <h2>Submit the Assignment</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
      
        <p><strong>Write your name</strong> and your answers to the
        questions in an email message.  I read email as text only, so there
        is no point in formatting your answers with special font effects,
        etc.  For Exercises 1.1 through 1.45 you can just write the letters
        and numbers of your answers in sequence.</p>

        <p>Send your email to me by midnight of the due date using an email
        account that you use regularly.  I will add that email address to a
        mailing list for the course.  The mailing list will be used for
        occasional announcements during the semester. My email address
        is:</p>

        <address>vickery at babbage.cs.qc.edu</address>

        <p><strong>You must use exactly this Subject line for your email to
        be sure I actually receive it:</strong> <span
        class="codeBlock">CS-343 Assignment 1</span></p>

        <p>If you do not receive an &ldquo;OK, I&rsquo;ll check it
        out&rdquo; reply from me within a day or two of submitting the
        assignment, it means I did not receive it.  But I will be sending
        that acknowledgement manually, so don&rsquo;t resubmit the
        assignment until I have had a chance to reply to the first one.</p>

      </div>      

    </div>

    <div id="footer">
    <hr />
      <p class="links">
        <a href="/">Vickery Home</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;
        <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
        XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;
        <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">
        CSS</a>
      </p>
      <p><em>Last updated
        <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME']));
        ?>.</em>
      </p>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
