<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if (  array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator")
      )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>CS-343 Assignment 3</title>
    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
              type="text/css"
              media="all"
              href="../../css/style-all.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
              type="text/css"
              media="screen"
              href="../../css/style-screen.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
              type="text/css"
              media="print"
              href="../../css/style-print.css" />
    <style type="text/css" media="all">
    	table { margin: 1em auto; }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-343 Assignment 3</h1>
      <h2>Two-bit State Machine Design</h2>
    </div>
    <div id="content">
      <h2>Introduction</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">

        <p>
          Complete the design of the four-state Finite State Machine developed in class. The machine has two external
          inputs: <span class="variableName">Up</span> (U) and <span class="variableName">Count</span> (C). For this assignment,
          I will assume the four states are named State_0, State_1, State_2, and State_3, with the numeric part of the state
          name corresponding to the binary number obtained by concatenating the values of the two state flip-flops, which will be
          called S<span class="subscript">1</span> and S<span class="subscript">0</span>. When C is false, the
          machine does not change states. But when C is true, each clock pulse causes the machine to go up one state (from State_0 
          State_1, or from State_1 to State_2, etc.)  if U is true, or down one state (from State_0 to State_3, or from State_1 to
          State_0, etc.). There are four outputs named LED_0, LED_1, LED_2, and LED_3, each of which is on when the machine is in the
          corresponding state.
        </p>

      </div>

      <h2>Project Description</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
      	<p>
        	Draw a state diagram (circles and arcs) for this finite state machine; use the Moore Machine design we did in class.
        </p>
        <p>
        	Complete the sixteen-row state table for the machine, as developed in class.
        </p>
        <p>
        	Minimize each of the six output functions for the state table, and draw a schematic diagram for the complete machine.
        </p>
     </div>
      
      <h2>Submit the Assignment</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
        <p>
        	Write your answers on paper, and bring them to class on the due date. You may use Quartus to draw your schematic, but this
          is not required.
       </p>
        <p>
        	Be sure to write your name and "CS-343 Assignment 3" at the top of each page of your assignment.
        </p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      <p class="links">
        <a href="../../../index.xhtml">Vickery Home</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
           href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer"> XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
           href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer"> CSS</a>
      </p>
      <p><em>Last updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])); ?>.</em></p>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
