<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if (  array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator")
      )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>CS-343 Assignment 6 Solutions</title>
    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
              type="text/css"
              media="all"
              href="../../css/style-all.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
              type="text/css"
              media="screen"
              href="../../css/style-screen.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
              type="text/css"
              media="print"
              href="../../css/style-print.css" />
    <style type="text/css" media="all">
      .runin {
      		font-weight:bold;
          display:block;
          width:5em;
        }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-343 Assignment 6 Solutions</h1>
      <h2>Performance Calculation</h2>
    </div>
    <div id="content">
      <h2>Solution</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">

        <ol>
        	<li>
          	Compute the minimum-allowed and average clock cycle periods for the single-cycle and adjustable
          	clock designs.
          	<div class="standout_block">
          		<span class="runin">Book:</span> 400 &times; 0.45 + 600 &times; 0.25 + 550 &times; 0.10 + 
              	350 &times; 0.15 + 200 &times; 0.05 = 447.50 psec
            	<span class="runin">A-6:</span>  415 &times; 0.43 + 665 &times; 0.30 + 620 &times; 0.07 +
                370 &times; 0.17 + 250 &times; 0.03 = 491.75 psec
          	</div>
          </li>
          <li>
          	Compare the performance ratio of the two designs with the values computed in the textbook. State which
          	design is faster and by how much for the fixed and variable period clocks.
          	<div class="standout_block">
          		<span class="runin">Book:</span> 600 &divide; 447.5 = 1.34; the variable-period design is 34% faster than
              the fixed-period design.
            	<span class="runin">A-6:</span>  665 &divide; 491.75 = 1.35; the variable-period design is 35% faster than
              the fixed-period design.
              <p>665 &divide; 600 = 1.108; the fixed-period design in the book is 10.8% faster than the fixed-period design
              from Assignment 6.</p>
              <p>491.75 &divide; 447.5 = 1.099; the variable-period design in the book is 9.9% faster than the
              variable-period design from Assignment 6.</p>
          	</div>
          </li>
          <li>
          	Would the new paremeters given here increase or decrease the clock speed attainable in the multicycle
          	design to be developed in the second part of Chapter 5? And how much faster would the clock be using the
          	values from the book compared to the ones given here? Remember, in the multi-cycle design, the clock period
          	has to be long enough to accommodate the slowest part of the datapath: the memory units.
            <div class="standout_block">
            	<p>
                The maximum clock speed for the design in the book would be determined by the propagation delays in the
                slowest unit: 200 psec for the memories. So the maximum clock speed would be 1 &divide;
                (200&nbsp;&times;&nbsp;10<span class="superscript">-12</span>) = 0.005&nbsp;&times;&nbsp;10<span
                class="superscript">12</span> = 5.000&nbsp;&times;&nbsp;10<span class="superscript">9</span> = 5 GHz.
              </p>
              <p>
                The maximum clock speed for the design in Assignment 6 would also be determined by the propagation
                delays in the memories: 250 psec in this case. So the maximum clock speed would be 4 GHz. The
                book&rsquo;s design would be 5 &divide; 4 = 250 &divide; 200 = 1.25 times faster than the design from
                Assignment 6; a speedup of 25%.
              </p>
            </div>
          </li>
        </ol>
      </div>
      
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      <p class="links">
        <a href="../../../index.xhtml">Vickery Home</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
           href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer"> XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
           href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer"> CSS</a>
      </p>
      <p><em>Last updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])); ?>.</em></p>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
