<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if (  array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator")
      )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>CS-343 Assignment 4</title>
    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
              type="text/css"
              media="all"
              href="../../css/style-all.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
              type="text/css"
              media="screen"
              href="../../css/style-screen.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
              type="text/css"
              media="print"
              href="../../css/style-print.css" />
    <style type="text/css" media="all">
    	table { margin: 1em auto; }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-343 Assignment 4</h1>
      <h2>Finite State Machine Construction</h2>
    </div>
    <div id="content">
      <h2>Introduction</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">

        <p>
        	This is an extra-credit assignment: it is not required.
        </p>

        <p>
        	This assignment is to use Quartus and a DE1 kit to implement the Finite State Machine you designed
          for <a href="Assignment_03.xhtml">Assignment 3</a>.
        </p>
      </div>

      <h2>Project Description</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
      	<p>
        	Create a directory named <span class="directoryName">Assignment_04</span> under your <span class="directoryName">My
          Projects</span> directory in the lab. You may use the testbed I provided for <a href="Assignment_02.xhtml">Assignment 2</a>
          and delete the parts you don&rsquo;t need, or you can create your own testbed. Create a schematic symbol for the finite
          state machine, using a meaningful name, such as &ldquo;Up-Down Counter&rdquo;. The inputs to this device are to be the clock
          and the two external inputs, <span class="variableName">Up</span> and <span class="variableName">Count</span>. The outputs are
          to be the four external outputs: LED_0, LED_1, LED_2, and LED_3.
        </p>
        <p>
        	Connect Key[0] to the clock input of your testbed (which in turn connects to the clock input of the device under test
          (&ldquo;DUT&rdquo;)); connect Switch[9] to the <span class="variableName">Count</span> input of the DUT, and connect Switch[0]
          to the Up input of the DUT. Connect the four LED outputs to the four right-most green LEDs of the DE1.
        </p>
      </div>
      
      <h2>Submit the Assignment</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
        <p>
          Test your circuit carefully, and when it is ready, send me an email message telling me it is ready for
          me to review.  I will get a copy of your project from your account on the lab server(<span
          class="computerName">maple</span>), so there is no need to tell me which computer you were working on. Just
          tell me that the project is ready for me to look at.
        </p>
        <p>
          Send your email to me by midnight of the due date. My email address is: <span class="emailAddress
          codeBlock">vickery at babbage.cs.qc.edu</span>.
        </p>
        <p class="standout_block">
          <strong>You must use exactly this Subject line for your email to be sure I actually receive it:</strong> <span
          class="codeBlock">CS-343 Assignment 4</span>. (Include the "CS-343" part in the subject line of <em>all</em>
          messages you send to me this semester.)
        </p>
        <p>
          If you do not receive an &ldquo;OK, I&rsquo;ll check it out!&rdquo; reply from me within a day or two of
          submitting the assignment, it means I did not receive it. But I will be sending that acknowledgement manually,
          so don&rsquo;t resubmit the assignment until I have had a chance to reply to the first one.
        </p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      <p class="links">
        <a href="../../../index.xhtml">Vickery Home</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
           href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer"> XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
           href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer"> CSS</a>
      </p>
      <p><em>Last updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])); ?>.</em></p>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
