<?php
  if (array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
      stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">

<head>

<title>CS-081 Assignment 4</title>


<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="/courses/css/style-all.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="/courses/css/style-screen.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="/courses/css/style-print.css" />
</head>

<body>

  <div id="header">
    <h1>CS-081 Assignment 4</h1>
  </div>
  <div id="content">
    <h2>Introduction</h2>
    <div class="whitebox">
      <p>This assignment is an exercise in using Javascript to alter
      the presentation of a web page interactively.  The goal is for
      you to become familiar with Javascript, the DOM tree, and CSS
      all at the same time.  Consider it an experimental approach!
      </p>
      <p>If you have not done so, read the <a
      href="../Javascript_Tutorial">Javascript Tutorial</a> assigned
      previously. We still haven&rsquo;t covered forms yet, so you can
      skip that part of the tutorial. But you will need to work with
      events in this assignment, so you will need to understand that
      part as you go through this assignment. </p>
    </div>

    <h2>Procedure</h2>
    <div class="whitebox">
      <ol>
        <li>
          <h5>Create a new web page for this assignment and add a link
          to it from your home page.</h5> <p class="runin">Use your
          XHTML template to create a new web page and save it as a
          file named <span
          class="fileName">Assignment_04.xhtml</span>.  Change the
          title and <span class="tagName">h1</span> element to
          &ldquo;Javascript Example,&rdquo; and change the <span
          class="tagName">script</span> in the head of the document
          from <span class="fileName">Template.js</span> to <span
          class="fileName">Assignment_04.js</span>.  Save your new web
          page in your document root directory.  Edit your <span
          class="fileName">index.xhtml</span> file to add an unordered
          list in the <span class="variableName">header</span> div
          just under the <span class="tagName">h1</span> element.  But
          one item in the list, a link to <span
          class="fileName">Assignment_04.xhtml</span>.  Use
          &ldquo;Javascript Example&rdquo; as the content of the link.
          View your web site in the browser, and verify that the link
          is in place and that clicking on it it takes you to your new
          web page.</p>
          </li>
        <li>

          <h5>Add Javascript code to display four <span
          class="variableName">alert</span> messages.</h5> <p
          class="runin">Ultimately, all Javascript code will be
          contained in Assignment_04.js, but for this part of the
          assignment, add additional <span
          class="tagName">script</span> tags, one in the document
          head, and one in the document body.  First add a few <span
          class="variableName">Lorem Ipsum</span> paragraphs to the
          content part of the web page.  Put one script tag in the
          head of the document, and the second one between the first
          and second paragraphs.  Put the message, &ldquo;Alert
          1&rdquo; in an <span class="functionName">alert()</span>
          statement in the first one, and the message &ldquo;Alert
          2&rdquo; in an <span class="functionName">alert()</span>
          statement in the second one.</p> <p>Create the <span
          class="fileName">Assignment_04.js</span> file and save it
          inside your <span class="directoryName">scripts</span>
          directory.  Put a third alert statement in the script file,
          and test that the three alert messages show up in the
          expected order.</p>

        </li>
        <li>

          <h5>Display the number of paragraphs as the page loads and
          when loading is complete.</h5> <p class="runin">Modify the
          three alert messages so they show the number of paragraph
          elements in the document as they execute. Add a fourth <span
          class="functionName">alert()</span> statement that displays
          the number of paragraphs in the document after the DOM tree
          has been built.</p>

        </li>

      </ol>
    </div>

  </div>
  <div id="footer">
  <hr />
    <p class="links">
      <a href="/">Vickery Home</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;
      <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
      XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;
      <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">
      CSS</a>    </p>
    <p><em>Last updated
      <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME']));
        ?>.</em>    </p>
</div>
  </body>
</html>
