<?php
  if (array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
      stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">

  <head>

    <title>CS-081 Assignment 3</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="/favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="/courses/css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="/courses/css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="/courses/css/style-print.css"
    />
    
  </head>

  <body>

    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-081 Assignment 3</h1>
    </div>

    <div id="content">
      <h2>Overview</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
        <p>For this assignment, you are to use a stylesheet and an image to
        customize the look of your course home page.</p>
      </div>
      
      <h2>Procedure</h2>
    <div class="whitebox">
      
      <ol>
      
        <li>
          <h5>Get rid of the JavaScript alert.</h5>
          <p class="runin">Edit your <span class="fileName">template.js</span> file, and
            remove the <span class="functionName">alert()</span> statement. This assignment
            does not use any JavaScript.</p>
        </li>
        
        <li>
          <h5>Make sure your Firefox extensions are up to date.</h5>
          <p
                    class="runin">Start Firefox, select Tools&rarr;Extensions, and click
            the Find Updates button. Click any Update Now buttons, close the Extensions
            panel, exit Firefox, and start it up again.</p>
          </li>
        
        <li>
          <h5>Use Firebug to examine the current structure of your home page.</h5>
          <p class="runin"> At this point, your home page
          consists of header, content, and footer <span
          class="tagName">div</span>s. The only thing in the header is a
          <span class="tagName">h1</span> tag, and the only thing in the
          content is a <span class="tagName">h2</span> tag.  View your home
          page in Firefox, and open up the Firebug extension.  You can do
          this any of three ways: press F12, click on the smaller green
          circle with a checkmark in it at the bottom of the browser window,
          or use the Tools&rarr;Firebug menu.</p>
          
          <p>Select the Inspect tab in the Firebug panel, and open up the
          DOM tree view so you can see both the <span
          class="variableName">head</span> and <span
          class="variableName">content</span> <span
          class="tagName">div</span> tags and the heading tags inside them. 
          Hover over the all four elements, observe the outline boxes in the
          page itself, and verify that the headings occupy exactly the same
          space on the web page as the <span class="tagName">div</span>
          elements that contain them.  We will start updating the page by
          adding some space below the headings so you can add some
          formatting to the divisions that won&rsquo;t be covered up by the
          headings.</p>

          <p>Unfortunately, to do this you need to use code based on
          topics covered in Chapter 11, which has not officially been
          assigned yet. Here is what you need to add to your <span
          class="fileName">screen.css</span> file:</p>

          <fieldset>
            <legend>Sample Code</legend>
            <pre class="codeBlock">
h1, h2 {
  padding:          0 0 0.5em 0.5em;
  }

#header, #content {
  padding:          0.5em 0 0.5em 0;
  }
            </pre>
          </fieldset>

          <p>Briefly, what you are doing here is adding a half <em>em</em> of
            space on the bottom and the left of each heading, and a half <em>em</em> of
            space to the top and bottom of the two <span class="tagName">div</span>s.
            Use Firebug to verify that there is space between the headings and
            the <span class="tagName">div</span>s that contain them.</p>
        </li>

        <li>
          <h5>Add some dummy content.</h5>
          <p class="runin">To evaluate the visual effects that you are going to add, it
            will help to have more of a page to work with. Use a common technique for adding
            ummy text to a web page: go to <a href="http://www.lipsum.com/">Lorem
            Ipsum</a> and have it generate five paragraphs of Latin text for you. Just
            click the &ldquo;Generate Lorem Ipsum&rdquo; button, and paste the paragraphs
            into your web page right under the <span class="tagName">h2</span> element
            in the <span class="variableName">content</span> <span class="tagName">div</span>.
            Surround each paragraph with <span class="tagName">p</span> and <span class="tagName">/p</span> tags,
            and adjust the formatting of the source code to maintain proper indentation
            if necessary. Add another <span class="tagName">h2</span> element between the
            second and third paragraphs that you just entered. Use Lorem Ipsum again to
            generate a few words for the content of the new heading, and again to change
            the content of the original <span class="tagName">h2</span> element. View the
            web page to make sure it looks right.</p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <h5>Apply different background colors to headings and paragraphs.</h5>
            <p class="runin">Add three css rules to <span class="fileName">screen.css</span>,
              one each for <span class="tagName">h1</span>, <span class="tagName">h2</span>,
              and <span class="tagName">p</span> tags. Select a harmonious set of three color
              for the backgrounds of these three sets of elements. Be sure to select an equally
              harmonious set of contrasting colors for the text in each set of elements alse.
              Actually, all you really need to do is to make sure the color differences are
              easy to see and that the text remains easy to read. Be sure the three colors
              are clearly different from the htmb/body background color for the page.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
          <h5>Create background gradients for headings and paragraphs.</h5>
          <p class="runin">This part of the assignment is an exercise in working
            with images and opacity. There are several programs you could use
            to complete this part of the assignment, such as <span class="programName">InkScape</span>, <span
             class="programName">Fireworks</span>, and <span class="programName">Photoshop</span> together
            with its companion, <span
            class="programName">ImageReady</span>. <span class="programName">InkScape</span> is
            free software available from <a href="http://www.inkscape.org">Inkscape.org</a>;
            it is already installed on the computers in the lab. (The icon looks
            like a black blob, representing an inkblot.) <span class="programName">Fireworks</span> is
            part of Macromedia <span class="programName">Studio</span>, and is
            also installed on the computers in the lab. There are old versions
            of <span
            class="programName">Photoshop</span> and <span class="programName">ImageReady</span> installed
            in the lab, but we do not have current, licensed, versions installed
            yet.</p>
          <p>Work through the <a href="../using_inkscape.xhtml">Using Inkscape
              web page</a> to create three different gradients, one for <span
              class="tagName">h1</span> elements, one with a different color for
              <span class="tagName">h2</span> elements,
              and a third one for paragraphs. Edit your <span class="fileName">screen.css</span> style
              sheet so that all headings and paragraphs have their respective
              background images. Be sure to set them up so each image repeats
              in the y direction only. Set the background color of first level
              headings to something different from the page background and the
              gradient color so you can see the effect illustrated in the Using
              Inkscape introduction. </p>
        </li>
      </ol>

      </div>
      
      <h2>Submit the Assignment</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">

        <p>When you have completed the assignment, send me an email message
        that says &ldquo;CS-081 Assignment 3&rdquo; in the subject line and
        that contains your real name and account name in the message body. 
        I will get a copy of your work from <span
        class="computerName">maple</span> to look at.</p>

      </div>
    </div>

    <div id="footer">
    <hr />
      <p class="links">
        <a href="/">Vickery Home</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;
        <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
        XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;
        <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">
        CSS</a>
      </p>
      <p><em>Last updated
        <?php echo gmdate("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME']));
        ?>.</em>
      </p>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
