<?php
  if (array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
      stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">

<head>

<title>CS-081 Assignment 5</title>


<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="/courses/css/style-all.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="/courses/css/style-screen.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="/courses/css/style-print.css" />
</head>

<body>

  <div id="header">
    <h1>CS-081 Assignment 5</h1>
  </div>
  <div id="content">
    <h2>Introduction</h2>
    <div class="whitebox">
      <p>For this assignment you are to write a JavaScript event
      handler that changes the style of a table so that alternate rows
      have a different background color.  I am providing a web page
      that creates tables with varying numbers of rows dynamically for
      your event handler to operate on.</p>
    </div>

    <h2>Procedure</h2>
    <div class="whitebox">
      <ol>
        <li>

          <h5>Set up the Contours web page in your own web site and test it.</h5>
          <p class="runin">I have a web page that calculates contour
          intervals at <a href=
          "http://babbage.cs.qc.edu/Contours">http://babbage.cs.qc.edu/Contours</a>.
          Visit that page and make sure you understand what it does.
          I am providing you with a zip file that contains <span
          class="fileName">index.xhtml</span>, <span
          class="fileName">css/style-screen.css</span> and <span
          class="fileName">scripts/contours.js</span>: <a
          href="Assignment_05.zip">Assignment_05.zip</a>.  <strong>Do
          not unzip this file directly into your web site, as it would
          overwrite your index page and stylesheet.</strong> Instead,
          unzip the contents to some other directory, such as your
          Desktop.  Then rename <span
          class="fileName">index.xhtml</span> to <span
          class="fileName">Assignment_05.xhtml</span> and move it to
          your web site.  Use Dreamweaver&rsquo;s code editor to merge
          (copy and paste) the parts of my <span
          class="fileName">style-screen.css</span> that you want to
          use into your own <span class="fileName">screen.css</span>,
          and move <span class="fileName">contours.js</span> into your
          <span class="directoryName">scripts</span> directory.
          Finally, create a link to <span
          class="fileName">Assignment_05.xhtml</span>  in the
          unordered list you added to your index page in
          Assignment&nbsp;4, and verify that the page works from
          within your web site.</p>
        </li>
        <li>

          <h5>Add a second script file containing a JavaScript event
          handler.</h5> <p class="runin">At this point, <span
          class="fileName">Assignment_05.xhtml</span> should be in
          your web site&rsquo;s document root, and <span
          class="fileName">contours.js</span> should be in your <span
          class="directoryName">scripts </span> directory.  Add
          another script file, named <span
          class="fileName">assignment_05.js</span>, to the script
          directory, and use a second <span
          class="tagName">script</span> tag in the head of <span
          class="fileName">Assignment_05.xhtml</span> to link to it.
          This second <span class="tagName">script</span> tag must
          come <em>after</em> the tag for <span
          class="fileName">contours.js</span> because it creates a
          variable in an object (<span
          class="variableName">ContourTable </span>) that
          doesn&rsquo;t exist until the browser has processed <span
          class="fileName">contours.js</span>. Put the following code
          in the new script file, and verify that it is executed
          whenever a new table is displayed:</p>

          <div class="codeBlock">
  ContourTable.notifyOnChange = function(theTable)
  {
    alert(theTable);
  }         </div>

          <p>Make the following changes so that this code is your
          &ldquo;own&rdquo; before proceding.  Note that these changes
          will require you to edit parts of both <span
          class="fileName">contours.js</span> and <span
          class="fileName">assignment_05.js</span>.</p> <ul>
          <li>Change the name of the event to <span
          class="variableName">DynamicTable.changeStyle</span></li>
          <li>Change the name of the <span class="techTerm">formal
          parameter</span> in the event handler to <span
          class="variableName">aTable</span>.</li> </ul> <p>Be sure
          the page still works correctly before proceeding.</p>
        </li>
        <li>

          <h5>Code the event handler so that alternate rows of the
          table have different backgrounds.</h5> <p
          class="runin">There are three ground rules for doing this
          step.  The first is that you are not allowed to change the
          XHTML file that I provided, nor are you to change the style
          sheet to add this effect. Second, except for the changes you
          had to make to <span class="fileName">contours.js</span> in
          the previous step, you are to make no further changes to
          that file either. Finally, make sure your event handler
          changes only the data table; there is another table in the
          page that must not be changed.</p>

          <p>If you want to make your code easier, you may assume that
          all rows are created with a white background, so you
          don&rsquo;t have to change the ones that are already
          white.</p>

        </li>
      </ol>
  </div>


  </div>
  <div id="footer">
  <hr />
    <p class="links">
      <a href="/">Vickery Home</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;
      <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
      XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;
      <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">
      CSS</a>    </p>
    <p><em>Last updated
      <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME']));
        ?>.</em>    </p>
</div>
  </body>
</html>
