<?php
  if (array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
      stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">

  <head>

    <title>CS-081 Assignment 1</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="/favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="/courses/css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="/courses/css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="/courses/css/style-print.css"
    />
    
  </head>

  <body>

    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-081 Assignment 1</h1>
    </div>

    <div id="content">
      <h2>Overview</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
        <p>The purposes of this assignment are to familiarize you with the use
        of the laboratory facilities for the course and to establish
        standard procedures for developing web projects for the course.</p>
      </div>
      
      <h2>Procedure</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
        <ol>
          <li>
            <h5>Log into your account and verify that it is working
            correctly.</h5>  <p class="inline">Log into any one of the computers in A-205
            or A-227 using your account name for this course, which consists
            of the first letter of your first name, your last name, and the
            digits &ldquo;081&rdquo; all as a single lower-case string. 
            That is, if your name is "Always A. Good Student", your account
            name is <em>astudent081</em>.  Use the password given to you in
            class, and remember that you will be required to change it to
            something secure the first time you log in.</p>

            <p>The names of the computers are:</p>
            
            <table  summary="Lists of computer names in A-205 and A-227."
                    id="computers">
            
              <tr><th>A-205</th><th>A-227</th></tr>
              <tr><td>birch</td><td>apple</td></tr>
              <tr><td>cherry</td><td>fir</td></tr>
              <tr><td>chestnut</td><td>juniper</td></tr>
              <tr><td>elm</td><td>mimosa</td></tr>
              <tr><td>ginkgo</td><td>peach</td></tr>
              <tr><td>hemlock</td><td>pine</td></tr>
              <tr><td>hickory</td><td>plum</td></tr>
              <tr><td>&nbsp;</td><td>spruce</td></tr>
              <tr><td>&nbsp;</td><td>sycamore</td></tr>
              <tr><td>&nbsp;</td><td>walnut</td></tr>
            
            </table>
            
            <p>Room 205 is an &ldquo;open lab,&rdquo; which means you can
            use them any time you want.  The secretaries in the CS
            Department Office (A-202) will open the lab for you if it is
            closed.  Room 227 is a closed lab, so you will not be able to
            sit at the computers in that room to use them.  However, all of
            the computers are accessible from the Internet.  If you have
            access to a computer running Windows XP with a broadband
            connection, you can use <span class="programName">Remote Desktop
            </span> to log in.  From the Start button, go to Programs, to 
            Accessories, to Communications, and you will find it.  When it
            asks you what computer you want to connect to, pick one of the
            names above and add the domain name &ldquo;.cs.qc.edu&rdquo; to
            the computer name.  For example, you would log into
            <em>ginkgo</em> by entering <em>ginkgo.cs.qc.edu</em>.</p>

              <p class="standoutBlock">When you use Remote Desktop, select
              one of the computers in A-227 so that students who are on
              campus will be able to use the computers in A-205.  The
              exception to this rule is from 5:00 to 6:15pm on Tuesdays and
              Thursdays, when there is a class using room A-227.</p>

            <p>Use <em>Windows Explorer</em> to verify that your &ldquo;My
            Documents&rdquo; directory contains a directory named &ldquo;My
            Web Pages.&rdquo;  That directory should already contain a file
            named <span class="fileName">template.xhtml</span>, which you
            will be using as a starting point for the web pages you write
            for this course.</p>
            
            <p>Make a copy of <span class="fileName">template.xhtml</span>
            named <span class="fileName">index.xhtml</span> in the same
            directory.</p>

            <h5>Log off the computer you used and log into another
            one.</h5>  <p class="inline">On the second computer, verify that
            your <span class="fileName">index.xhtml</span> file shows up in
            your <span class="fileName">My Web Pages </span> directory,
            indicating that your &ldquo;profile&rdquo; (settings) were
            successfully copied to the domain server (<span
            class="computerName">maple</span>) when you logged off the first
            computer and that they were then copied to the second computer
            when you logged into it.  If you have any problems with this
            step, contact Dr. Vickery for help before proceeding with the
            remainder of the assignment.</p>

          </li>
          
          <li>

            <h5>Edit <span class="fileName">index.xhtml</span> and test
            it.</h5> <p class="inline">Use any text editor to change the
            <span class="tagName">title</span> and <span
            class="tagName">h1</span> elements of your <span
            class="fileName">index.xhtml</span> file from the word
            &ldquo;Template&rdquo; to your own name.  It would be best to
            use a programming editor such as <span
            class="programName">Vim</span>, or even the full web IDE, <span
            class="programName">Dreamweaver</span>.  However, it is possible
            to make the change using <span
            class="programName">Notepad</span>, but you have to put
            quotation marks around the file name when you save it or Notepad
            will change the name to a <span
            class="fileName">index.xhtml.txt</span>, and the web server
            won&rsquo;t be able to display it properly because of the wrong
            extension.</p>

            <p>Here are links to some introductory material on the
            programming editors available to you in this course:</p>

            <ul>
              <li>
                <a href="/courses/cs081/using_vim.xhtml">Using
                Vim</a>
              </li>
              <li>
                <a href="/courses/cs081/using_dreamweaver.xhtml">Using
                Dreamweaver</a>
              </li>
            </ul>

            <p>There are four ways you can try to view your new <span
            class="fileName">index.xhtml</span> web page in a browser, but
            only three of them will work!</p>
            
            <ol>

              <li>(This is the technique that does <strong>not</strong>
              work!) Click on the file using Windows Explorer.  Windows
              recognizes that .xhtml files are web pages and tells the
              default browser to show the page.  But our template file
              includes some server-side scripting code written in PHP, and
              its presence will confuse the browser, which will display a
              cryptic error message.</li>
              
              <li>Start Firefox, and type the URL
              &ldquo;localhost/~astudent081&rdquo; into the location bar,
              substituting your own account name for <span
              class="fileName">astudent081</span>.</li>
              
              <li>This technique is the same as the previous one, but
              substitute the name of the computer you are using for the word
              &ldquo;localhost&rdquo; in the URL.</li>
              
              <li>This technique is the same as the previous one, but enter
              the Fully Qualified Domain Name (FQDN) for the name of the
              computer you are using.  The proper FQDN for the computers in
              the lab is the name of the computer name followed by
              &ldquo;.cs.qc.cuny.edu&rdquo; (<span
              class="computerName">ginkgo.cs.qc.cuny.edu</span>, for
              example), but you can safely leave out the &ldquo;.cuny&rdquo;
              part if you want to.</li>

            </ol>
            
            <p class="standoutBox">Note that only the last technique will
            work for accessing your web page from another computer, and even
            that technique will only work while you are logged into the
            computer whose FQDN you use.</p>
            
            <p>Now copy (don&rsquo;t move) your web page from your
            &ldquo;<span class="directoryName">My Web Pages</span>&rdquo;
            directory to <span class="directoryName">C:\htdocs</span> and
            verify that you can view it by specifying just the computer
            name in the address bar.</p>

          </li>
          
        </ol>
      </div>
      
      <h2>Submit the Assignment</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">

        <p>When you have completed the assignment, send me an email message
        that says &ldquo;CS-081 Assignment 1&rdquo; in the subject line and
        that contains your real name and account name in the message body. 
        I will get a copy of your work from <span
        class="computerName">maple</span> to look at.</p>

      </div>
    </div>

    <div id="footer">
    <hr />
      <p class="links">
        <a href="/">Vickery Home</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;
        <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
        XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;
        <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">
        CSS</a>
      </p>
      <p><em>Last updated
        <?php echo gmdate("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME']));
        ?>.</em>
      </p>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
