<?php
  if (array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
      stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>CS-343 Extra Credit Assignment</title>


    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="/favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="/courses/css/style-all.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="/courses/css/style-screen.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="/courses/css/style-print.css" />
  </head>

  <body>

    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-343 Extra Credit Assignment</h1>
    </div>
    <div id="content">
      <h2>Introduction</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">

        <p>While this assignment is intended to help people who had
        trouble on the midterm exam, it is open to all.  If you choose
        to do it, it will count 15% of your course grade unless your
        score on this assignment would lower your course average, in
        which case I will disregard it.  Please do not waste your time
        or mine by submitting something unless you think it is good
        enough to raise your grade.</p>

        <p>You have two options for extra credit projects: write a
        paper on computer architecture, or write a program that
        simulates some part of a computer system.  Neither assignment
        is cast in stone: if you have an idea that is related to
        either one, but not exactly the same as the description below,
        consult with me to see if we can agree on whether you have an
        acceptable alternative.</p>

        <p class="standout_box"><strong>Note:</strong>  If you elect
        to submit an extra credit assignment, it must be totally your
        own work.  If you submit work that is not your own, you will
        receive an automatic failure in the course.</p>

      </div>

      <h2>Term Paper</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">

        <p>Write a 5-10 page paper on processor microarchitectures.
        Start by reading the Intel white paper, <cite><a
        href="http://download.intel.com/technology/architecture/new_architecture_06.pdf">Inside
        Intel Core Microarchitecture</a></cite>&nbsp;[2]  Using this
        paper as a starting point, read papers, articles, and books
        that help you understand what the current state of
        microarchitecture design.  The Intel web site where the
        article cited comes from has several other white papers and
        web pages you can consult, as well as reprints of journal
        articles and conference proceedings.  IBM and AMD are other
        companies that publish white papers and articles that should
        prove useful  You may also draw on material from our textbook,
        and I suggest Shen and Liplasti&rsquo;s <cite>Modern Processor
        Design</cite>&nbsp;[1] as book with excellent coverage of the
        topic.  Finally, you might also want to look at web sites that
        have tutorial articles on various aspects of processor design,
        such as <a href="http://www.arstechnica.com">Ars Technica</a>
        (look under Articles on <cite>CPU Theory and Praxis</cite>)
        and <a href="http://www.tomshardware.com">Tom&rsquo;s
        Hardware</a> (if you can get past the ads and into the
        forums).</p>

        <p>Make your paper instructive: provide defititions of terms,
        and explain how things work.  Write your paper as if it was
        going to be a reading assignment for students taking CS-343.
        That is, your audience knows as much about computer
        architecture as you did <em>before</em> you started working on
        the paper.</p>

        <p>Your paper will be graded both on style and content.  That
        is, it must be well organized and well written.  You must
        write the paper totally in your own words, but you must cite
        the sources of all specific ideas in your paper.  You may
        include brief quotations from your sources (generally less
        than a sentence), and each such quotation must cite where it
        came from.  Examples of Citations are the numbers in square
        brackets in the previous paragraph of this web page.  Those
        numbers are to refer to full citations like those listed
        below:</p>

  <div class="codeblock">
    <strong>References</strong>

    [1] Shen, J. P. and Lipasti, M. <cite>Modern Processor Design</cite>.  McGraw-Hill, 2005.
    [2] Wechsler, O. <cite>Inside Intel Core Microarchitecture</cite>.  Intel Corporation, 2006.
                     http://download.intel.com/technology/architecture/new_architecture_06.pdf

  </div>
      </div>

      <h2>Simulation Project</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
      
        <p>First, a few ground rules about this assignment:</p>
        <ol>
          <li>You may either work alone or with one other person registered
          for the course on this project.  All code must be written by you
          alone or by you and your partner.</li>
          <li>You may submit either Java or C/C++ source code.  In addition
          to the source code itself, you may optionally submit an Eclipse or
          Visual Studio workspace so that I can build the executable program
          myself.  Alternatively (for C/C++) you may provide either a
          Makefile or written instructions telling how to build the
          application using the GNU toolchain.</li>
          <li>The program must be platform-independent.  If you prepare a
          GUI for your application, this means you will have to use Java. 
          If your program runs from the command line, just be sure it
          doesn&rsquo;t require any Windows-specific libraries or header
          files.</li>
        </ol>
        
        <h3>Description</h3>
        
        <p>Your program is to implement a cycle-level simulation of the
        multi-cycle MIPS CPU developed in Chapter 5 of the text book.  The
        structure of your program is to mimic the structure of the textbook
        CPU, and the output of your program is to be a line of text for each
        state the CPU enters.  For each state, list: the current clock
        number, the name of the state, and the new values of all registers that
        are changed by that state.  For State 0, show the new value of the
        IR in both hexadecimal and as an assembly language statement.</p>
        
        <p>The main memory for the simulation is to be implemented as a text
        file, which is the output of the SPIM simulator&rsquo;s &ldquo;Save
        Log File&rdquo; (Ctrl-S) command.  That is, you will test your
        simulator by writing a program that uses only the instructions
        implemented in chapter 5 (lw, sw, beq, j, add, and, or, slt, add,
        sub), loading the program into the SPIM simulator, and saving the
        resulting log file.  When your program initializes, it is to extract
        the contents of all the initialized words of memory from this log
        file (they start with two hexadecimal constants inside square
        brackets) and put them into an array.  When the simulator performs
        MemRead and MemWrite operations, it accesses or updates this
        array.</p>

      </div>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
    <hr />
      <p class="links">
        <a href="/">Vickery Home</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;
        <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
        XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;
        <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">
        CSS</a><br/>
      <em>Last updated
        <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME']));
          ?>.</em>    </p>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>

