<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if ( (array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml"))
       ||
       (array_key_exists("HTTP_USER_AGENT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator"))
     )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
          "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>

    <title>CS-343 Assignment 1</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="../../css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/style-print.css"
    />        
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="all"
          href="css/assignments.css" />
  </head>

  <body>

    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-343 Assignment 1</h1>
    </div>

    <div id="content">
      <h2>Introduction</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          Use whatever resources you can muster to answer the following questions.
        </p>
      </div>
      
      <h2>The Assignment</h2>
      <div>
        <ol>
          <li>What processor is used in the One Laptop Per Child project, and why is this
          controversial?</li>
          <li>What processor is used in Macintosh computers? What processor was used
          previously?</li>
          <li>What processor is used in IBM&rsquo;s Blue Gene super computer?</li>
          <li>What processor is used in the iPhone? Are you sure?</li>
          <li>What is an ARM processor? Are there any products that actually use it?</li>
          <li>What is a petaflop?</li>
          <li>If you know how long someting is in feet, how do you convert that to inches?</li>
          <li>If you know how much time something takes in nanoseconds, how do you convert that to
          picoseconds?</li>
          <li>What is the period of a 4 GHz clock, in nanoseconds? In picoseconds? (Be sure to
          indicate which is which.)</li>
          <li>What is the frequency of a sine wave with a 2.5 msec period?</li>
          <li>How many bits would it take to encode the days of the week? Write out a possible
          coding scheme for this.</li>
          <li>What is a &ldquo;binary search&rdquo; and what does it have to do with digital
          codes?</li>
          <li>How many bytes are there in 1 GB of main (RAM) memory? Answer as a base raised to an
          exponent.</li>
          <li>How many bytes are there in 1 GB of disk (HDD) memory? Answer as a base raised to an
          exponent.</li>
        </ol>
      </div>
      
      <h2>Submit The Assignment</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          Type your answers into the body of an email message, preferably as plain text. Do not use
          a word processor, and do not send your answers as an attachment. (I&rsquo;m too lazy to
          open attachments!) Send your email to:
          </p><address>Christopher.Vickery<span class="at" title="Change to @">AT</span>qc.cuny.edu</address>
        <p class="standout_block">
          Be sure the Subject Line of your email says <span
          class="codeblock">CS-343&nbsp;Assignment&nbsp;1</span>, just like that, to be sure your
          message does not get trapped by my spam filters.
        </p>
        <p>Sign your email so I can tell who sent it!</p>
      </div>
    </div>

    <div id="footer">
      Last updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME']));
      ?>.<br />
      <a 
        href="../../../">Vickery Home</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="./">Course Schedule</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="../">CSCI-343 Home Page</a><br /><a
        href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">
      CSS</a>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
