<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if (  array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator")
      )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">

  <head>

    <title>CSCI 903 Assignment 9</title>
    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../../cs903/favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="../../css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/style-print.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/assignments.css"
    />
    <style type="text/css">
      ul li {padding:0.2em;}
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
  <h1>CSCI-903 Assignment 9</h1>
    <h2>Assigned Reading</h2>
    <ul>
      <li>
        <em>The Most Human Human</em>
      </li>
    </ul>
    <h2>Assignment</h2>
    <div>
      <p>
        Write a 2-page essay (approximately 500 words) on the relationship between information
        theory (IT) and artificial intelligence (AI). The following are some ideas you might explore
        in your essay. Note: these are <em>not</em> “questions to be answered.” Rather, they are
        possible themes you might draw from as you decide what you are going to say in your essay.
        You may use other, or additional, themes if you wish.
      </p>
      <p>
        Think of each “theme idea” as the starting point or central idea for something you are going
        to write about, not a self-contained topic.
      </p>
      <p>
        As usual, it is important for you to think about what the point of your essay will be
        before you start writing it. On Tuesday, May 1, submit an <em>outline</em> for your
        essay that shows how it will be will be structured. Then submit the actual essay on May 3.
      </p>
      <p>
        Failure to submit your outline on time will reduce your grade for the assignment by 20%.
        <br/>
        Failure to hand in the essay on time will reduce your grade for the assignment by 50%.
      </p>
      <h3>Theme Ideas</h3>
      <ul>
        <li>
          What aspects of Alan Turing’s work give him a prominent role in both <em>The
          Information</em> and <em>Human Human</em>?
        </li>
        <li>
          What aspects of Claude Shannon’s work give him an important role in both books?
        </li>
        <li>
          What does probability theory have to do with information theory, and with artificial
          intelligence?
        </li>
        <li>
          How do information theory and artificial intelligence relate to the concepts of
          information, knowledge, and meaning?
        </li>
        <li>
          What is information theory?
        </li>
        <li>
          What is the difference between artificial and human intelligence?
        </li>
        <li>
          What role does <em>communication</em> play in AI and IT?
        </li>
        <li>
          What role does <em>decision making</em> play in AI and IT?
        </li>
      </ul>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>&mdash;<a
         href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer?profile=css3">CSS</a>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
