<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if (  array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator")
      )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">

  <head>

    <title>CSCI 903 Assignment 3</title>
    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../../cs903/favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="../../css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/style-print.css"
    />        
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/assignments.css"
    />
  </head>

  <body>
  <h1>CSCI-903 Assignment 3</h1>
    <h2>Phrases</h2>
    <ul>
      <li> Menippus in the Moon </li>
      <li> Synchronize sympathetic needles </li>
      <li> Morse Code is not a binary language </li>
      <li> 12,000 E’s, but only 200 Z’s </li>
      <li> Tone languages </li>
      <li> Redundancy </li>
    </ul>
    <h2>Assignment</h2>
    <div>
      <p>
        As you read Chapter 1 of <em>The Information</em>, you will encounter the above phrases (or
        approximations to them). Each deals with an aspect of encoding information:
      </p>
      <ul>
        <li>Communicating information over distances</li>
        <li>Time coordination between cummunicators</li>
        <li>Efficient encoding schemes</li>
      </ul>
      <p>
        Write an <em>outline</em> for a 1-2 page essay that would, if written, take two or more
        of the listed phrases as points of departure to explain fundamental aspects of
        information theory.
      </p>
      <p>
        To complete this assignment successfully, you need to decide what the main points of the
        essay will be, then decide how to organize the essay so that it makes those points in
        a logical way.
      </p>
      <p>
        <em>Note:</em> the sympathetic needles reference is actually a problem for which Gleick does
        not provide a solution. If you choose that phrase, you should design an essay that explains
        what the problem is, and offers a workable solution. Don’t pick this option unless you have
        an idea for a workable solution.
      </p>
      <p>And, yes, you will be writing the essay next week. But do not write the essay yet,
      just the outline. The outline itself will be very short, probably just one line per
      paragraph of the essay. But preparing a good outline will take time and thought.</p>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>&mdash;<a
         href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer?profile=css3">CSS</a>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
