<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if (  array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator")
      )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">

  <head>

    <title>CS-90.3 Assignment 2</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="../../css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/style-print.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="all"
          href="../../css/assignments.css" />
  </head>

  <body>
    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-90. Assignment 2<br />Spring 2009</h1>
    </div>
    <div id="content">
      <h2>Introduction</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
      	<p>
        	The goal of this assignment is to set up your site for processing a form and for JavaScript to validate the form data before the
          form is submitted. For this assignment, the JavaScript code will simply call <span class="functionName">alert()</span> when the
          form is submitted to show that everything is set up correctly. It will not actually validate the form data in any way.
        </p>
      </div>
      <h2>The Assignment</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
      	<p>
        	Download the Core library file, <a href="../core.js">core.js</a> from the course web site and save it in your site&rsquo;s
          <span class="directoryName">scripts</span> directory. Add a <span class="tagName">script</span> link to it in the 
          <span class="tagName">head</span> of your index page.
        </p>
        <p>
        	Duplicate the <span class="fileName">template.xhtml</span> file (Control-D), and move the copy to your site&rsquo;s
          <span class="directoryName">scripts</span> directory. Then rename it to <span class="fileName">Login.php</span>. You do not need
          to change the contents of this file for this assignment, but you may experiment if you want to.
        </p>
        <p>
        	Create a new file named <span class="fileName">validate_form.js</span> in your <span class="directoryName">scripts</span> (right-click
          on the directory name, and select New File, then rename the file from <span class="fileName">untitled.xhtml</span> to 
          <span class="fileName">validate_form.js</span>).
        </p>
        <p>
        	Add a <span class="tagName">form</span> to the index page; make the <span class="attributeName">method</span> be 
          <span class="attributeValue">"get"</span> and the <span class="attributeName">action</span> be a relative URL to
          <span class="fileName">Login.php</span>. Put a <span class="tagName">fieldset</span> inside the <span class="tagName">form</span> to
          avoid validation errors, and add a <span class="tagName">legend</span> to spiff things up.
        </p>
        <p>
        	Add three <span class="tagName">input</span> elements (of <span class="attributeName">type</span> 
          <span class="attributeValue">"text"</span>, <span class="attributeValue">"password"</span>, and
          <span class="attributeValue">"submit"</span>). Add <span class="tagName">label</span> elements for the first two inputs.
        </p>
        <p>
        	Test the page in <span class="programName">Firefox</span> to be sure you can submit the form. Check the URL of the result to be
          sure you set up the names and values for passing the form data to the login script correctly.
        </p>
        <p>
        	Set up a JavaScript event listener for the form&rsquo;s <span class="variableName">submit</span> events. Do this part in steps:
        </p>
        <ol>
        	<li>
          	Create an object that contains an <span class="functionName">init()</span> method. (Functions inside objects are traditionally
            called &ldquo;methods;&rdquo; the difference is not significant.). Have <span class="functionName">init()</span> display an
            <span class="functionName">alert()</span> box when it is called. Pass this object as an argument to 
            <span class="functionName">Core.start()</span>. Load the web page and verify that <span class="functionName">init()</span> is
            called when the page loads.
          </li>
          <li>
          	Replace the <span class="functionName">alert()</span> call in <span class="functionName">init()</span> with this statement:
            <p class="code-block">
Core.addEventListener(theForm, "submit", submitListener);
            </p>
            <p>
            	You need to define <span class="variableName">theForm</span> and <span class="variableName">submitListener</span> in order
              to be able to run the code now.
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
          	Add this line of code to <span class="functionName">init()</span> before it calls 
            <span class="functionName">Core.addEventListener()</span>:
            <p class="code-block">
var theForm = document.getElementsByTagName('form')[0];
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
          	Try to figure out how to set up the <span class="functionName">submitListener()</span> function in such a way that you can
            reference it from within <span class="functionName">init()</span> as shown above.
          </li>
          <li>
          	Give up and proceed to the next step.
          </li>
          <li>
          	Create an anonymous self-executing function that returns the object you created in Step 1; make it the arguement to 
            <span class="functionName">Core.start()</span>. That is, this function executes and returns the object and it (the object)
            becomes the value of the parameter passed to <span class="functionName">Core.Start()</span>, just like defining the object
            inside the parentheses of <span class="code-snippet">Core.start()</span> in Step 1.
          </li>
          <li>
          	Define the function <span class="functionName">submitListener()</span> inside the anonymous self-executing function.
          </li>
          <li>
          	Test your code.
          </li>
        </ol>
      </div>

      <h2>Submit The Assignment</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
      	<p>
        	When your assignment is working, log out and be sure your profile is copied back to the server. Send me an email message telling me
          that you have completed the assignment, and I will get a copy of it from your account on Oak for testing. If your roaming profile does
          not work, mention that in your email, and I will copy your <span class="directoryName">My Website</span> directory from your home directory
          instead of your profile directory on Oak.
        </p>
        <ol>
            <li>Be sure to put your name in your email message!</li>
            <li>The Subject line must be <span class="code-snippet">CS-90.3 Assignment 2</span> to avoid my spam filters.</li>
            <li>
              Send your email to either Christopher.Vickery<span class="at" title="Change to @">AT</span>qc.cuny.edu or
              vickery<span class="at" title="Change to @">AT</span>babbage.cs.qc.cuny.edu &mdash; but not to both.
            </li>
          	<li>
            	See <a href="../syllabus.xhtml">the course syllabus</a> for grading and late homework policies.
            </li>
        </ol>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      <a href="../../../">Vickery Home</a> &mdash; <a href="../../cs090.3">CS-90.3 Home</a> &mdash;
      <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a> &mdash;
      <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a> &mdash;
      Last updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])); ?>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>

