<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if (  array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator")
      )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">

  <head>

    <title>CS-081 Assignment 2</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="../../css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/style-print.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/assignments.css"
    />
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../scripts/core.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../scripts/round-corners.js"></script>
  </head>

  <body id='urn:uuid:79494D39-F602-4B63-85F2-BB8D31803620'>
		<h1>CS-081 Assignment 2</h1>
    <h2>Background Material</h2>
    <div>
    	The purpose of this assignment is for you to become familiar with the laboratory environment you will be working with this semester.
    </div>
    <h2>Lab Activities.</h2>
    <div>
    	<ol>
        <li>
        	<h5>Log into your account and verify that the roaming profile is working correctly.</h5>
          <p class="run-in">
          	Use the information in the <a href="../../TREE_Lab/index.xhtml">TREE Lab Information</a> web page to log into your account. Change your
            password to something secure. (Type Ctrl-Alt-Delete and click on &ldquo;Change Password.&rdquo;)
          </p>
          <p>
          	Download <a href="../template.zip">the zip file containing template.xhtml</a> to your desktop. Log out, and log into a different
            computer in the lab. Be sure <span class="filename">template.zip</span> is on your desktop on that computer too.
          </p>
          <p class="standout-block">
          	If you are not able to complete this step successfully, stop. Contact me to let me know what went wrong, and I will try to fix the
            problem. But do not continue to the next step until this step works correctly.
          </p>
          <p>
          	Extract the contents of <span class="filename">template.zip</span> to your <span class="directory-name">My Website</span> directory.
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
        	<h5>Set up your course website using Dreamweaver</h5>
          <p class="run-in">
						The <a href="../using_dreamweaver.xhtml">Dreamweaver Setup</a> web page tells you haw to set up a Dreamweaver site. Create one using your
            <span class="directory-name">My Website</span> directory as the local root and <span class="directory-name">C:\htdocs</span> as the remote
            site, as demonstrated in class. Use Dreamweaver to edit the <span class="filename">template.xhtml</span> that you extracted in the previous
            step. Remove all the comment lines from the template file, and save it, and close it.    	
          </p>
          <p>
          	Duplicate <span class="filename">template.xhtml</span> (click on the file, then either type Ctrl-D or right-click, and select
            Edit&rarr;Duplicate), then rename the duplicate file from <span class="filename">Copy of template.xhtml</span> to
            <span class="filename">index.xhtml</span>. Now open <span class="filename">index.xhtml</span> (double-click on it) and make the following
            changes:
          </p>
          <ul>
          	<li>Change the page title to something meaningful rather than &ldquo;CS-081 Course Template&rdquo;</li>
            <li>
            	Change the contents of the <span class="tag-name">h1</span> element to something meaningful that includes your own name.
            	<p class="standout-box">
              	If you want to put an apostrophe in your new title (such as something like &ldquo;Vickery&rsquo;s Web Site,&rdquo;
              	do not type a prime symbol ('), which is what you get if you type the
              	&ldquo;apostrophe&rdquo; key on the keyboard. Instead, type &amp;rsquo;. This will give you a &ldquo;right single quote&rdquo;
                symbol to use as your apostrophe. This topic will be covered in more depth later in the course.
              </p>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li>
        	<h5>Verify that your site is set up correctly.</h5>
          <p class="run-in">
          	Save your index file, and use Firefox to visit your web site using a &ldquo;~ type&rdquo; URL: 
            <span class="code-snippet">http://<em>sometree</em>.cs.qc.cuny.edu/~<em>youraccount</em></span>. Substitute the name of the computer you
            are logged into for <em>sometree</em> and your account name for <em>youraccount</em>. Check Firefox&rsquo;s title bar to be sure your
            page&rsquo;s title shows up; look at the page to be sure the <span class="tag-name">h1</span> is displayed correctly. Check the HTML validator
            on the lower right corner of the Firefox window to be sure it is a green circle with a checkmark in it and not a red circle with an X or a
            yellow triangle with an exclamation point. Click on the XHTML link at the bottom of the page and verify that the page is valid XHTML 1.1 with
            no errors or warnings. If your site fails any of these checks, fix it and try again.
          </p>
          <p>
          	Use Dreamweaver to copy your index page to the &ldquo;remote&rdquo; location for your site. For this course, the remote site is actually the
            <span class="directory-name">C:\htdocs</span> directory on the computer you are using. With the index page selected, you can type
            Ctrl-Shift-U to do this. The Dreamweaver Setup web page gives some alternatives. Now visit the &ldquo;home page&rdquo; of the computer you are
            logged into using the URL: <span class="code-snippet">http://<em>sometree</em>.cs.qc.cuny.edu/</span>. Your index page should show up
            again and still pass all the validity checks listed above.
          </p>
        </li>
      </ol>
      <p>
      	That&rsquo;s it: do not add any more pages to your site yet, and do not try to do anything to the appearance of your index page yet.
      </p>
    </div>
    <h2>Submit The Assignment</h2>
    <div>
      <p>
      	Once you have set up your web site and tested that the index page validates, log out of your account so your site will be copied
        to the server. I will copy your site from the server to the computer in my office (babbage) to check it out.
      </p>
      <p>
      	When you finish your assignment, send me an email message telling me that it is ready. Use <span class="code-snippet">CS-081 Assignment 2</span>
        as the subject line. Make it look just like that
        to avoid my spam filters. Send the email to: 
        <span class="variable-name">vickery<span class="at" title="change to @">at</span>babbage.cs.qc.cuny.edu</span>.
      </p>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      <a href="../../../">Vickery Home</a>&mdash;<a
         href="../">Course Home Page</a>&mdash;<a
         href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>&mdash;<a
         href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a>&mdash;Last
         updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime('course_calendar.xml')); ?>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
