<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if (  array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator")
      )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">

  <head>

    <title>CS-081 Assignment 6</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="../../css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/style-print.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/assignments.css"
    />
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../scripts/core.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../scripts/round-corners.js"></script>
  </head>

  <body id='urn:uuid:ABD523F9-E61D-4D0E-9557-D7DB304474AE'>
    <h1>CS-081 Assignment 6</h1>
    <h2>Introduction</h2>
    <div>
      This is the first step in developing a model of a full-blown web site with multiple web pages and a common set of
      navigation links across the various parts of the site. In this step, you are to set up the site&rsquo;s structure
      on disk and to fill in dummy content for two site sections: a Blog and an ePortfolio.
    </div>
    <h2>Lab Activities.</h2>
    <div>
      <ol>
        <li>
          <h5>Site preparation: </h5>
          <p>
            Use Dreamweaver to create two new directories for your site, named <span class="directory-name">Blog</span>
            and <span class="directory-name">ePortfolio</span>. Drag your current <span
            class="file-name">index.xhtml</span> file from the root of your site into the <span
            class="directory-name">ePortfolio</span> directory, making sure you click &ldquo;Update&rdquo; when
            Dreamweaver asks whether to update links. Rename this file to <span
            class="file-name">term_paper.xhtml</span>. Your term paper would be just one element in your ePortfolio, so
            we will be setting up a separate index file in the ePortfolio directory that (eventually) will have links to
            the term paper as well as all the other items you decide to add to your ePortfolio.
          </p>
          <p>
            As demonstrated in class on November 9, make a copy of <span class="file-name">template.xhtml</span>, and
            rename the copy as <span class="file-name">index.xhtml</span>. Remove the unneeded set of comments from the
            PHP code at the beginning of the file and the other set of comments that are before the paragraph with the
            validation links.
          </p>
          <p> At this point, we will be a little more efficient than I was during class:
          </p>
          <ol>
            <li>
              Create a new stylesheet for this assignment, named <span class="file-name">assignment_06.css</span>, in
              your <span class="directory-name">css</span> directory. You can leave the stylesheet blank for now.
            </li>
            <li>
               Add a link to this stylesheet in the head of your new <span class="file-name">index.xhtml</span> file. Be
               sure to include the <span class="attribute-name">rel</span> and <span class="attribute-name">type</span>
               attributes in addition to the <span class="attribute-name">href</span> attribute in the <span
               class="tag-name">link</span> link.
            </li>
            <li>
              Add the list of navigation links to the new index page:
              <div class="code-block">
  &lt;ul id="nav-list&gt;
    &lt;li class="current-page"&gt;
      &lt;a href="."&gt;Home&lt;/a&gt;
    &lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;
      &lt;a href="Blog"&gt;My Blog&lt;/a&gt;
    &lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;
      &lt;a href="ePortfolio"&gt;My ePortfolio&lt;/a&gt;
    &lt;/li&gt;
  &lt;/ul&gt;
              </div>
            </li>
            <li>
              Now, instead of duplicating <span class="file-name">template.xhtml</span> to create the index pages, for
              Blog and ePortfolio, duplicate your <span class="file-name">index.xhtml</span> page and move that copy
              into the <span class="directory-name">Blog</span> directory. Again, be sure to let Dreamweaver update the
              links for you. Once the copy is in the <span class="directory-name">Blog</span> directory, rename it to
              <span class="file-name">index.xhtml</span>.
            </li>
            <li>
              Duplicate <span class="file-name">index.xhtml</span> again, and move this copy into the
              <span class="directory-name">ePortfolio</span> directory and, once it is there, rename that copy to
              <span class="file-name">index.xhtml</span>.
            </li>
            <li>
              What you have now is three directories containing files named <span class="file-name">index.xhtml</span>:
              <span class="directory-name">My Website</span>, <span class="directory-name">Blog</span>, and <span
              class="directory-name">ePortfolio</span>. Because you let Dreamweaver update the links for you, the links
              in the nav-list all point to the proper directories, which you will check out in the next step of the
              assignment
            </li>
          </ol>
        </li>
        <li>
          <h5>Update the three index file and check that the links all work correctly.</h5>
          <p>
            Right now, the three index files all have the same content. Edit each one to change its <span
            class="tag-name">title</span> and <span class="tag-name">h1</span> to something appropriate. I&rsquo;m sure
            you can do something better than &ldquo;Welcome to my home page!&rdquo;, &ldquo;Welcome to my blog!&rdquo;,
            and &ldquo;Welcome to my ePortfolio!&rdquo;. But if not, those three are okay.
          </p>
          <p>
            Now load the home page in Firefox, and observe the three links. Check them out. You should be able to
            navigate from any page to any other by clicking on the appropriate link. Since each index page has different
            content for its <span class="tag-name">h1</span>, you can verify that the links are working by reading the
            heading that shows up for each link.
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <h5>Verify that all three index files link to the stylesheet properly.</h5>
          <p>
            Th check that the stylesheet is set up properly, you need to put some rules in it. For now, set up rule that
            selects the <span class="tag-name">html</span> and <span class="tag-name">body</span> elements, and set the
            <span class="property-name">background-color</span> to something other than black (you already used that for
            your term paper; it&rsquo;s time to be creative) or white (that&rsquo;s the default, and you want to see
            that the stylesheet is actually doing something to the three index pages.
          </p>
          <p>
            Now, as you click the links to the various web pages in your site, they should all be displayed with the
            same background color&mdash;whatever color you set up in the stylesheet. You might need to force each page
            to do a complete reload (Ctrl-Shift-R instead of just Ctrl-R) to force the browser to use your updated
            stylesheet.
          </p>
        </li>
      </ol>
    </div>
    <h2>Submit The Assignment</h2>
    <div>
      <p>
        Once you have set up your web site and tested that <strong>both the XHTML and CSS links at the bottom of the
        page give you no warnings and no errors</strong>, log out of your account so your site will be copied to the
        server. I will copy your site from the server to the computer in my office (babbage) to check it out.
      </p>
      <p class="standout-block">
        Remember: even if your site validates perfectly, you still have to make sure that all the CSS rules actually
        work as you intended. Testing your web page and fixing any unexpected appearances is a critical component of all
        the assignments for this course.
      </p>
      <p>
        When you finish your assignment, send me an email message telling me that it is ready. Use
        <span class="code-snippet">CS-081 Assignment 6</span>
        as the subject line. Make it look just like that to avoid my spam filters. Send the email to:
        <span class="variable-name">vickery<span class="at" title="change to @">at</span>babbage.cs.qc.cuny.edu</span>.
      </p>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      <a href="../../../">Vickery Home</a>&mdash;<a
         href="../">Course Home Page</a>&mdash;<a
         href="./">This Semester&rsquo;s Schedule Page</a>&mdash;<a
         href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>&mdash;<a
         href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a>&mdash;Last
         updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime('course_calendar.xml')); ?>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
