<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if (  array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator")
      )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">

  <head>

    <title>CS-081 Assignment 1</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="../../css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/style-print.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/assignments.css"
    />
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../scripts/core.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../scripts/round-corners.js"></script>
  </head>

  <body id='urn:uuid:79494D39-F602-4B63-85F2-BB8D31803620'>
		<h1>CS-081 Assignment 1</h1>
    <h2>Background Material</h2>
    <div>
    	<p>
      	Be sure to consult the <a href="../syllabus.xhtml">Course Syllabus</a> for general course information and for your
        reading assignments throughout the semester.
      </p>
      	<p>
        	While we are getting organized and covering background material on web-related technologies in class, read the
          following blog entry that came out recently: <a href="http://www.peachpit.com/blogs/blog.aspx?uk=Everyone-is-a-Web-Designer">Everyone
          is a Web Designer</a>. Then write answers to the following questions. (Grammar, spelling, and neatness count.)
        </p>
    </div>
    <h2>Questions</h2>
    <div>
    	<ol>
        <li>
        	Are you a web designer according to the blog writer? 
          Describe your own experience designing and/or building web pages. Then tell what you hope this course will
          enable you to do as a web developer that you don&rsquo;t know how to do now.
        </li>
        <li>
        	What is the difference between a web designer and a web developer?
        </li>
        <li>
          Describe how you would expect the Media Studies, Art, and Computer Science departments would differ in their approaches to a first course
          in web development. Couch your answer in the context of the previous question.
        </li>
        <li>
        	The blog writer mentions &ldquo;content management systems.&rdquo; What are they? It&rsquo;s all right to google the question, but write the
          answer in your own words.
        </li>
      </ol>
    </div>
    <h2>Submit The Assignment</h2>
    <div>
      <p>
      	Write out your answers and bring it to class on the due date. If you prefer, you can write your answers in the body of an email
      	message and send it to me by midnight of the due date. Be sure the answers are in the <em>body</em> of the message, not an attachment.
      </p>
      <p>
      	To submit the assignment by email, use <span class="code-snippet">CS-081 Assignment 1</span> as the subject line. Make it look just like that
        to avoid my spam filters. Send the email to: 
        <span class="variable-name">vickery<span class="at" title="change to @">at</span>babbage.cs.qc.cuny.edu</span>.
      </p>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      <a href="../../../">Vickery Home</a>&mdash;<a
         href="../">Course Home Page</a>&mdash;<a
         href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>&mdash;<a
         href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a>&mdash;Last
         updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime('course_calendar.xml')); ?>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
