<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if (  array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator")
      )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">

  <head>

    <title>CS-081 Assignment 8</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="../../css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/style-print.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/assignments.css"
    />
    <style media="all" type="text/css">
      dt {font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;}
    </style>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../scripts/core.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../scripts/round-corners.js"></script>
  </head>

  <body id='urn:uuid:7BA87C28-3218-4EDD-AA05-EB8A9842BD49'>
    <h1>CS-081 Assignment 8</h1>
    <h2>Introduction</h2>
    <div>
      <p>
        This assignment completes your basic web site design. The features to implement are: a horizontal
          layout of the navigation list; use images for the navigation list items; improve the layouts
          of the blog and ePortfolio pages; optionally use image sprites in the navigation list.
      </p>
    </div>
    <h2>Lab Activities.</h2>
    <div>
      <ol>
        <li>
          <h5>Implement horizontal layout for the navigation list.</h5>
          <p>
            There are two ways to do this: change the <span class="property-name">display</span> property of the list items to
            <span class="property-value">inline</span>, or to float them to the left. The problem with the first method is that
            CSS does not let you set the width of inline elements, so you would not be able to make the links all the same size.
          </p>
          <p>
            Do not worry about getting the margins and padding exactly right for the navigation list,
              its list items, and the
            <span class="tag-name">a</span> elements yet. (See the next step.) But do decide how wide
            you want the list items to be now. Since you will be using an image file for their backgrounds,
            it makes sense to specify the width in pixels, since that is what you will be dealing with
            in Photoshop.
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <h5>Use images for the navigation list items.</h5>
          <p>
            Read the description of the optional step at the end before doing this step. If decide to do that
            optional step, modify the following instructions accordingly.
          </p>
          <p>
            Use Photoshop to create an image file with the same width as the <span class="tag-name">a</span> elements in the
            navigation list. Create the image with a transparent background. The height is not critical, but make sure it is
            taller than the text that goes inside the navigation list items.
          </p>
          <p>
            Be sure the Layers &ldquo;palette&rdquo; is visible. You can turn it on or off using the Window menu or by pressing F7.
          </p>
          <p>
            Select the rounded rectangle tool. It shares a toolbar position with the plain rectangle tool, the ellipse tool, the
            line tool, the polygon tool, and the custom shape tool, so it may take some work to get at it: click and hold on any
            one of those tool icons until the list of all the alternatives shows up, then select the one you want.
          </p>
          <p>
            Pick a foreground color for one of the three types of navigation tabs you will be using: current page; other page;
            other page with hover.
          </p>
          <p>
            Be sure the &ldquo;fill pixels&rdquo; tool is selected in the options menu, and draw your rounded rectangle, starting
            in one of the
            top corners of the image, and continuing down below the bottom of the image so that you get a shape with rounded corners
            on the top and square corners at the bottom.
          </p>
          <p>
            Add a layer style to the image: you can do this from the Layers menu, or you can click on
            the fx icon at the bottom of the layers palette, or you can just double-click on the far
            right side of the layer in the layers palette. You can experiment with any combination of
            inner shadow, inner glow, and/or bevel and emboss. You can try others too, but note that
            drop shadow and outer glow won&rsquo;t work because your shape fills the image, and those
            two go outside the shape. Note also that inner glow only shows up on dark colors and inner
            shadow only shows up on light colors. But you can change the color and/or the &ldquo;blend
            mode&rdquo; of the shadow or glow to make it show up against any color.
          </p>
          <p>
            Save your image file as a PNG-8 image file to preserve the transparency of the corners. Use a meaningful name so you will
            remember which of the three types of links it will be used for.
          </p>
          <p>
            Repeat everything above for the other two image files, and use these three image files as the backgrounds for the different
            items in the navigation list. Adjust margins and paddings to get the navigation list to &ldquo;sit on top&rdquo; of each
            page&rsquo;s contents.
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <h5>Adjust the layouts of all three web pages.</h5>
          <p>
            Adjust the margins, paddings, and borders for all three web pages so that they are clear and align properly with the
            navigation list that rests on top of their contents.
          </p>
          <p>
          	Make the footer containing the links to the XHTML and CSS validators appear at the very bottom of the web pages 
            (position:fixed). Make sure the links can be seen, and that they are centered in the middle of the bottom of the page.
            Be sure the user can see the bottom of the content of each page when scrolling: you will need to add either padding or
            a margin to the bottom of the content <span class="tag-name">div</span> to accomplish this.
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <h5>Optional: use image sprites.</h5>
          <p>
            Rather than create three separate image files for the three types of navigation links, you can save some effort and improve
            the download speed of your web page by using &ldquo;CSS image sprites.&rdquo; The idea is to create a single file with all
            three images in it, stacked either vertically or horizontally. If your image size is 250&times;50, for example, you would
            start with an image file that is 250&times;150 or 750&times;50.
          </p>
          <p>
            The first key to making this work is to create guidelines to divide the image file into the three parts that you want, and
            the second key will be to create the three images on separate layers so that the layer style effects can be applied to each
            sub-image separately.
          </p>
          <p>
            Draw guidelines as demonstrated in class: be sure the rulers are showing around the edge of the workspace (Control-R turns
            them on and off), and just drag out from inside a ruler to create a guideline. Line it up with the proper pixel dimensions
            shown in the rulers. Use the View menu to turn on the &ldquo;Snap to &hellip; Guides&rdquo; option. This will help you to
            draw the images more accurately.
          </p>
          <p>
            Add two layers to the document so there is a total of three. You can use the top item in the Layers menu to do this. In the
            Layers palette, click on each layer&rsquo;s name and change it to something more meaningful than &ldquo;Layer 1,&rdquo;
            etc. (This step is not critical for this project, but becomes very important on larger ones.)
          </p>
          <p>
            Now select one foreground color, and draw the rounded rectangle (with square bottoms) for it. Select another foreground
            color, click on another layer to select it, and draw a second rounded rectangle, and repeat the process for the third
            layer. Add layer styles to any one of the three images. You can then speed things up by copying the layer style from one
            layer to the other two. You can do this from the Layer menu by selecting copy and paste from the Layer Style sub-menu.
            Or you can just drag the layer style from one layer to another in the layers palette while holding down the Alt key.
          </p>
          <p>
            Once you have all three sub-images with their layer styles looking the way you want them,
              save the entire image file. Be sure to use PNG-8 to create a small file while preserving
              transparency.
          </p>
          <p>
            Now use this one image file as the background image for all the <span class="tag-name">a</span> elements in the navigation
            list. But adjust the background position depending on the which image is actually to be displayed.
          </p>
        </li>
      </ol>
    </div>
    <h2>Submit The Assignment</h2>
    <div>
      <p>
        Once you have set up your web site and tested that <strong>both the XHTML and CSS links at the bottom of the
        page give you no warnings and no errors</strong>, log out of your account so your site will be copied to the
        server. I will copy your site from the server to the computer in my office (babbage) to check it out.
      </p>
      <p class="standout-block">
        Remember: even if your site validates perfectly, you still have to make sure that all the CSS rules actually
        work as you intended. Testing your web page and fixing any unexpected appearances is a critical component of all
        the assignments for this course.
      </p>
      <p>
        When you finish your assignment, send me an email message telling me that it is ready. Use
        <span class="code-snippet">CS-081 Assignment 8</span>
        as the subject line. Make it look just like that to avoid my spam filters. Send the email to:
        <span class="variable-name">vickery<span class="at" title="change to @">at</span>babbage.cs.qc.cuny.edu</span>.
      </p>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      <a href="../../../">Vickery Home</a>&mdash;<a
         href="../">Course Home Page</a>&mdash;<a
         href="./">This Semester&rsquo;s Schedule Page</a>&mdash;<a
         href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>&mdash;<a
         href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a>&mdash;Last
         updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime('course_calendar.xml')); ?>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
