<?php
  $this_dir = opendir('.');
  $this_link = "2012_02";
  $this_year = "2012";
  $this_term = "Spring";
/*
  while ($dir_entry = readdir($this_dir))
  {
    if (is_dir($dir_entry) && preg_match('/(\d{4})_(\d{2})/', $dir_entry, $year_term))
    {
      $this_year = $year_term[1];
      $this_term = ($year_term[2] === '02') ? 'Spring' : 'Fall';
      $this_link = $dir_entry;
    }
  }
*/

  header("Vary: Accept");
  if (array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
  stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
  stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator")
  )
  {
      header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
      header("Last-Modified: "
      .gmdate('r', filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
      print ("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"
  ?>
  \n");
  }
  else
  {
  header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Information and Intelligence Syllabus</title>
    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="./favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="all" href="../css/style-all.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="screen" href="../css/style-screen.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="print" href="../css/style-print.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="all" href="../css/syllabus.css" />
  </head>
  <body id='urn:uuid:BE1F3403-66D2-4D17-AD14-51453DBC8B6D'>
      <h1>CSCI-903: Information and Intelligence<br/>Syllabus</h1>
      <?php
        echo <<<EOT
        <p id='current-semester-link'>
          Link: <a href='$this_link'>Schedule and Assignments for $this_term $this_year</a>
        </p>
EOT;
       ?>
      <h2>Course Description</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          What, I hear you ask, do information and intelligence have to do with each
          other? And what, you might also ask, do they have to do with computer science?
          <br/>The short answer: information theory is one of the key underpinnings of
          computer science, and artificial intelligence is a key area of computer science
          that owes its success to careful exploitation of the principles of information
          theory (among others).
        </p>
        <p>
          The longer answer is why we have an entire semester devoted to this “special topic”
          course!
        </p>
        <p>
          The course will be conducted in seminar form: students will play an active role
          in the course, and will each be responsible for leading some of the discussions
          and activities in the course. The goal here is for you to learn to organize and
          express your understanding of some complex, but interesting, topics.
        </p>
        <p>
          There are two main readings for the course, the first two items in the <a
          href="#texts"> Texts</a> section below. As its title suggests, the Gleick book
          deals with information theory. Don’t let the word “theory” put you off: despite
          information theory’s basis in mathematics, Gleick presents the material without
          assuming any particular mathematical spohistication, yet without watering down
          its essence. The Christian book is written at a level that assumes no more
          preparation than a willingness to think about and evaluate ideas that might be
          new to you. Coincidentally, the two books were published within a month of each
          other early in 2011.
        </p>
        <p>
          The course requires a regular time committment from you: because of the seminar
          format, you have to be prepared for each class (especially the ones where you
              lead part of the discussion!), and you will be required to complete a small
          (1-2 page) writing assignment each week.
        </p>
        <p>
          In addition to reading, discussing, and writing about course topics, there is
          another course component: coding. Writing code is emerging as a valuable skill
          for artists, social and natural scientists, business people, and professionals
          of all types. This course does not aim to make you into a programmer, but will
          use one or more coding exercises as a way to reinforce the principles of
          information theory and artificial intelligence you will be wrestling with during
          the semester.
        </p>
      </div>
      <h2>Course Objectives</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          Students who complete this course successfully will be able to:
        </p>
        <ul id="rubrics">
          <li>
            Explain the relationship between information and information codes.
          </li>
          <li>
            Explain the differences among data, information, and knowledge.
          </li>
          <li>
            Describe the model underlying the concept of an “intelligent agent.”
          </li>
          <li>
            Give examples of artificial intelligence in daily life.
          </li>
          <li>
            Discuss the relationships among information, probabilities, and search
            strategies.
          </li>
          <li>
            Write code to implement the algorithm for an elementary intelligent agent.
          </li>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <h2>Instructor</h2>
      <div>
        The instructor for the course is Dr. Christopher Vickery. See <a
        href="../../contact_info.xhtml">Dr. Vickery’s Contact Information and Office
        Hours</a> for that information.
      </div>
      <h2>Course Structure and Assessment</h2>
      <div>
        <h3>
          The following information is not specific to this course.<br/>
          Details to follow ...</h3>
        <p>
          There are two 75 minute class meetings per week. Attendance will not be taken
          (except at the beginning of the semester to verify your registration for the
           course), but students who often miss class will probably fail the course. The
          reading assignments for the course are listed below, and will be broken down
          further in the course schedule page for the semester.
        </p>
        <h3>Assignments</h3>
        <h3>Grading</h3>
        <p>
          Grades are posted on the web as soon as they are available.
        </p>
        <p class="standout-block">
          Exam and assignment grades become permanent one week after they have been
          posted, even if there has been a scoring error.  Be sure to check that your exam
          was scored correctly and that the correct grade has been recorded (using the
              &ldquo;Check My Grades&rdquo; form on the course schedule page) as soon as
          exams are returned.
        </p>
        <p>
          The College has a standard policy for converting course averages into letter
          grades, which I follow mechanically, except I compute fractional course averages
          and round to the nearest integer, which gives you half a point of automatic
          grade inflation. For example, the college policy specifies a grade of B+ for
          course averages between 87 and 90: because of rounding, that means that any
          score between 86.5 and 89.5 is a B+.
        </p>
      </div>
      <h2 id='texts'>Texts</h2>
      <div>
        <ul>
          <li>
            James Gleick, <em>The Information</em>. Pantheon, 2011. ISBN-13: 978-0375423727
          </li>
          <li>
            Brian Christian, <em>The Most Human Human</em>. Doubleday, 2011. ISBN-13:
            978-0385533065
          </li>
          <li>
            Edward Tufte, <em>Beautiful Evidence</em>, Graphics Press, 2006. ISBN-13:
            978-0961392178
          </li>
        </ul>
        <h3>Notes:</h3>
        <ul>
          <li>Both the Gleick and Christian books are available in electronic format. Both are
          <strong>required</strong>.
          </li>
          <li>Prof. Tufte has offerred to make copies of <em>Beautiful Evidence</em>
            available to students in this course for $10 each (below cost).
          </li>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <!--
      <h2>Topics</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          Here is an idealized schedule of topics and assignments for the course. The actual
          assignments <a href="<?php echo $this_link; ?>">are posted on a separate page</a>.
        </p>
        <table>
          <tr>
            <th>Classes</th><th>Topics</th><th>Assignments</th>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th>1-2</th>
            <td></td>
            <td></td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th>14</th>
            <td colspan="2" class='no-assignment'>Midterm Exam</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <th></th>
            <td colspan="2" class='no-assignment'>Final Exam</td>
          </tr>
        </table>
      </div>
      -->

    <div id="footer">
      <a  href="../../">Vickery&nbsp;Home</a>&mdash;<a
          href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>&mdash;<a
          href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a>&mdash;Last updated
      <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])); ?>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>

