<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if (  array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator")
      )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>CS-081 Assignment 3</title>
    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
              type="text/css"
              media="all"
              href="../../css/style-all.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
              type="text/css"
              media="screen"
              href="../../css/style-screen.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
              type="text/css"
              media="print"
              href="../../css/style-print.css" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id="header">
      <h1>
        CS-081 Assignment 3
      </h1>
    </div>
    <div id="content">
      <h2>
        Introduction
      </h2>
      <div  class="whitebox">
        <p>
          This is an exercise in managing CSS layout box properties: margin, border, padding, background color,
          background image, and position.
        </p>
      </div>
      <h2>
        The Assignment
      </h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
        <ol>
          <li>
            <h5>Set up the assignment directory.</h5>
            <p class="runin">
              Create a new subdirectory of your web site, and name it <span class="directoryName">Assignment_03</span>.
              Right-click on your <span class="fileName">index.xhtml</span> file from <span
              class="directoryName">Assignment 2</span>, and select <span class="menuItem">Edit&rarr;Duplicate</span>
              from the drop down memory. This will create a new file named <span class="fileName">Copy of
              index.xhtml</span>, which you should drag to the <span class="directoryName">Assignment_03</span>, and rename
              <span class="fileName">index.xhtml</span>. 
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <h5>Add a navagation list to your home page.</h5>
            <p class="runin">
              Add a new <span class="tagName">div</span> to the index page for this assignment, placing it between the header and content divs.
              Use the following code:
              </p>
              <p class="code_block">
&lt;div id="navList"&gt;
  &lt;h2&gt;Navigation Links&lt;/h2&gt;
  &lt;ol&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href="#" class="current-page"&gt;Home&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href="#"&gt;About Me&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href="#"&gt;Information&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href="#"&gt;Contact Us&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href="#"&gt;Help&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
  &lt;/ol&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
            </p>
            <p>Feel free to change the wording of any of the text if you would like to, but keep exactly this XHTML code structure, and do not
            change any of it as you work on the project.</p>
            <p>Pick one of the style sheets you used for Assignment 2 to use as the starting point for this assignment. Feel free to change it
            to make the page more attractive.</p>
            <p>Verify that the list of links display properly as a bulleted list.</p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <h5>Style the navigation list as a horizontal navigation bar.</h5>
            <p class="runin">
              Copy one of your stylesheets from Assignment 2 to your <span class="dirctoryName">css</span> directory, using
              the name <span class="fileName">assignment_03.css</span>. Update the index page for this assignment so that it
              uses just this one stylesheet. Update the stylesheet to make your new index page look &ldquo;good&rdquo; if it
              doesn&rsquo;t already. Make sure your new index page displays properly as-is, with the ordered list for the links.
            </p>
              
            <p>
              Now edit the stylesheet for the assignemntn to remove the bullets from the unordered list (<span
              class="codeSnippet">list-style-type:none</span>), make the <span class="tagName">h2</span> element
              disappear (<span class="codeSnippet">display:none</span>), and make the list items all appear on the same
              line.  You could implement that last feature by declaring the list items&rsquo; <span
              class="propertyName">display</span> property as <span class="propertyValue">inline</span>, but to give you
              better control over the appearance, use the <span class="codeSnippet">float:left;</span> property to stack
              them together, left-justified, in a single line. Test the page to make sure the list is now displayed all in a line.
            </p>

            <p>
              Use a background image for each anchor to make the links look like tabs. For this assignment, I am
              providing a fixed-width image, 150px wide, <a href="images/Menu-Tab-150x250.png">Menu-Tab-150x250.png</a>,
              which you may download to your <span class="directoryName">images</span> directory. Floating the <span
              class="tagName">li</span> elements that hold the anchors causes them to &ldquo;shrink-wrap&rdquo; so they
              just surround the anchors. To get the full width of the tab images to show, you need to set the width of
              the list items to the width of the images (<span class="codeSnippet">width:150px;</span>).  This design
              will accommodate a small amount of text-size increase because the images are taller than the text that
              appears inside them. But when any line of text gets wider than 150px, the design &ldquo;breaks&rdquo; and
              the text will extend outside the tabs. The <a href="http://alistapart.com/">Sliding Doors of CSS</a>
              technique can be used to handle horizontal growth; feel free to experiment with it!
            </p>
            
            <p>
              The anchors should expand to fill up the list items that contain them, but anchors are normally inline elements, which
              do not normally expand beyond their own content unless you specify margins, borders, and/or padding. But declaring the
              <span class="propertyName">display</span> property of the anchors to be <span class="propertyValue">block</span>
              (<span class="codeSnippet">display:block;</span>) will accomplish the same thing. You will still need to adjust the padding
              of the anchors in order to stretch their height enough to make the tabs look &ldquo;good&rdquo;.
            </p>
            
            <p class="standout_box">
              Remember that in order for your CSS to pass validation, you must always specify a background-color if you specify a (text) color.
            </p>
            
            <p>
              To make the tabs change color when the user mouses over them, use different background image: <a 
              href="images/Menu-Tab-150x250-Hover.png">Menu-Tab-150x250-Hover.png</a>.
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <h5>Create multiple pages.</h5>
            <p class="runin">Create four more web pages in the <span class="directoryName">Assignment_03</span>
            directory for your site, which can all be copies of this assignment&rsquo;s <span
            class="fileName">index.xhtml</span> page. Use file names like <span class="fileName">about.xhtml</span>,
            <span class="fileName">info.xhtml</span>, etc. Update the <span class="codeSnippet">#</span> link targets in
            the navigation list so clicking on each link actually takes the viewer to the selected page. (Update the
            links, then create the pages: that way you won&rsquo;t have to update all the links in all the pages
            separately.) Change the <span class="codeSnippet">current-page</span> <span class="attributeName">id</span>
            so that is is on the proper link for each page. Add a CSS rule to the <span
            class="fileName">assignment_03.css</span>  stylesheet so that the link to the current page looks different
            from the other ones. For example, you simply have no background image for the anchor element on the current
            page.
            </p>
          </li>
          
<li>
  <h5>Optional: Create your own background images for the menu tabs.</h5>
  <p class="runin">
    Use Fireworks to create your own background images for the menu tabs. Experiment with shapes, colors, gradients, and 
  </p>
</li>
        </ol>
      </div>
      <h2>
        Submit The Assignment
      </h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
        <p>
          Before you submit the assignment, be sure you perform the following four tests:
        </p>
          <ol>
            <li>
              <h5>Publish your page and all the style sheets to the server&rsquo;s document root</h5>
              <p class="run_in">Verify that everything looks right.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
              <h5>
                Perform a link check on your site to make sure there are no mistakes due to capitalization problems.
              </h5>
              <p class="runin">
                (Remember, you checked the "case-sensitive link checking" option when setting up your site.) Right click
                on the site folder in Dreamweaver, and select &ldquo;check links&rdquo;. If there are any problems, they
                will show up in a separate window. Fix them and do another check until there are no problems left.
              </p>
            </li>
            <li>
              <h5>Validate the XHTML.</h5>
              <p>
                You should have been looking at the TIDY and Firebug icons in the Firefox status bar as you were testing
                your code to be sure they both are green circles with white checkmarks inside them. Now, click on the
                XHTML link in the footer of your web page to get a full W3C validation check. Fix any warnings (or
                errors) that the validator reports.
              </p>
            </li>
            <li>
              <h5>Validate the CSS.</h5>
              <p class="runin">
                Once the XTML validates successfully, check the CSS using the other link in the footer of your page.
                Again, fix any warnings or errors that the validator reports.
              </p>
            </li>
          </ol>
        <p>
          A final check before you submit your assigment is to view the page using Internet Explorer instead of Firefox
          to make sure there are no problems when using that browser. You should also check the page using Opera and
          Safari. You may ignore minor differences, but correct any big discrepancies.
        </p>
        <p>
          Once you have completely tested and fixed your web page, send me an email message telling me it is ready for
          me to review.  I will get a copy of your entire site from the copy of your profile that is saved on <span
          class="computerName">maple</span>, so there is no need to tell me which computer you were working on. Just
          tell me that the site is ready for me to look at.
        </p>
        <p>
          Send your email to me by midnight of the due date. My email address is: <span class="emailAddress
          codeBlock">vickery at babbage.cs.qc.edu</span>.
        </p>
        <p class="standout_block">
          <strong>You must use exactly this Subject line for your email to be sure I actually receive it:</strong> <span
          class="codeBlock">CS-081 Assignment 3</span>. (Include the "CS-081" part in the subject line of <em>all</em>
          messages you send to me this semester.)
        </p>
        <p>
          If you do not receive an &ldquo;OK, I&rsquo;ll check it out!&rdquo; reply from me within a day or two of
          submitting the assignment, it means I did not receive it. But I will be sending that acknowledgement manually,
          so don&rsquo;t resubmit the assignment until I have had a chance to reply to the first one.
        </p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      <p class="links">
        <a href="../../../index.xhtml">Vickery Home Page</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
           href="..">CS-081 Home Page</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
           href=".">Fall 2007 Course Page</a><br/>
        <a
           href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
           href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a>
      </p>
      <p>
        <em>Last updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])); ?>.</em>
      </p>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
