<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if (  array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator")
      )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>CS-081 Assignment 4</title>
    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
              type="text/css"
              media="all"
              href="../../css/style-all.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
              type="text/css"
              media="screen"
              href="../../css/style-screen.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
              type="text/css"
              media="print"
              href="../../css/style-print.css" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id="header">
      <h1>
        CS-081 Assignment 4
      </h1>
    </div>
    <div id="content">
      <h2>
        Introduction
      </h2>
      <div  class="whitebox">
        <p>
          In this assignment, you are to take exactly the same set of xhtml files as you used in
          <a href="Assignment_03.xhtml">CS-081 Assignment 3</a>, but use CSS to give the page a totally
          different appearance.
        </p>
      </div>
      <h2>
        The Assignment
      </h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
        <ol>
          <li>
            <h5>Set up the assignment directory.</h5>
            <p class="runin">
              Create a new subdirectory of your web site, and name it <span class="directoryName">Assignment_04</span>.
              Duplicate each of the xhtml files from Assignment 3, and move the copies into the Assignment_04
              subdirectory.  Duplicate the stylesheet for Assignment 3, and change the name of copy to <span
              class="fileName">assignment_04.css</span>. Change the stylesheet links in each of the xhtml files for this
              assignment so they point to this new stylesheet. Finally, go into this new stylesheet and remove all the
              rules except for the one at the beginning for &ldquo;html, body.&rdquo;
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <h5>Float the Navigation and Content <span class="tagName">div</span>s.</h5>
            <p class="runin">
              Use CSS rules to float the navigation list <span class="tagName">div</span> to the left and the content
              <span class="tagName">div</span> to the right. Give each one a width in percentages such that the sum is
              100%. Note that for this to work correctly in <span class="programName">Internet Explorer</span> the sum
              must be slightly less than 100%. Verify that the two <span class="tagName">div</span>s display
              side-by-side. Apply the proper clear property to the footer so that it appears below both the navigation
              list and the content.
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <h5>Create a background image to create a faux-column for the navigation links.</h5>
            <p class="runin">
              There will appear to be empty space below the navigaion links because the content has been floated right
              and given a width that leaves space down the left side of the page. But the navigation list is not tall
              enough to fill up this space, so applying a background color to it will not fill the open space. Rather,
              use <span class="programName">Fireworks</span> to create a background image for the whole page that will
              put a colored background down the left side, but which will have no effect on the right side.
            </p>
            <p>
              The strategy here is to create an image that is wider than anyone&rsquo;s screen. These days, 2,000 pixels
              should suffice, but to &ldquo;future-proof&rdquo; your site, you might want to make it even wider; an 
              Apple 30" display, for example has a maximum resolution of 2560&times;1600. (If you would like to donate
              one of these $1,800 monitors to the department, I would be more than happy to use it to evaluate your
              assignment.)
              You will tile the image vertically, so its height doesn&rsquo;t matter; it could be as little
              as 1 pixel tall, leading to a small file size for downloading. But to be able to see what you are doing
              I suggest that you might make it taller, such as 100 pixels.
            </p>
              
              <p>
                Open Fireworks and tell it to create a new document with the dimensions you decided on. Be sure the
                resolution is no larger than necessary; the normal Web resolution is 72 dpi. If you were trying to
                future-proof your site and were going to create a complicated graphic, you might use a higher resolution,
                but that won&rsquo;t be necessary here. Multiply the percentage you used for the width of the navigation
                <span class="tagName">div</span> times the width of the image to calculate the number of pixels on the
                left side of this image that will get the background color. Draw a rectangle wide enough to cover that
                much of the left side of your image and fill it with whatever color you want to use for the background
                of the faux column on the left side of the page. Save the image as a PNG file in your site&rsquo;s
                <span class="directoryName">images</span> directory using &ldquo;indexed transparency&rdquo; (not alpha
                transparency). A certain unnamed browser has trouble with PNGs that use alpha transparency, but not with
                indexed transparency. (<span class="programName">Fireworks</span> is one of the few image editing programs
                that lets you save PNG files using indexed transparency, by the way.) Leave the entire right side of the
                image transparent. That way, you can specify the background color for the right side of the page using
                CSS without having to re-draw the image.
              </p>
              <p class="standout_block">
                Be sure to use a meaningful name for the file so you will know what it is without having to open it up.
                Image files tend to proliferate, and using good file names makes it easier to manage them all.
            </p>
            <p>
            	Use your image as the background for the entire page by specifying it for the <span
              class="tagName">body</span> element. For now, it might extend into the header and footer regions, but if it
              is on the left side of the page and occupies the same proportion of the width no matter how the page is
              resized, it&rsquo;s set up correctly. You will need to use the horizontal
              <span class="propertyName">background-position</span> property to get the image positioned properly. You
              should also set the <span class="propertyName">background-repeat</span> property to <span
              class="propertyValue">repeat-y</span>, but the effect should actually work with the default value of
              <span class="proertyValue">repeat</span> (meaning repeat in both the x and y directions) because you made
              the image so wide that it will never repeat horizontally on any current monitors.
            </p>
            <p>
            	Go back to the background image and add a rectangle that starts at the right end of the colored box and that
              extends several pixels to the right. Fill the box with a black gradient that fades to transparent, which
              should create a &ldquo;drop shadow&rdquo; effect on the right side of the navigation column.
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <h5>Style The Document</h5>
            <p class="runin">
              Style the navigation list somewhat the way you did for Assignment 3, except you do not need to use any
              background images for the anchors or links if you don&rsquo;t want to. The ones from Assignment 3 will
              not work for this assignment because the list is to be displayed vertically. But do get rid of the bullets
              (or numbers), do provide a hover effect, and style the link for the current page differently from the
              others.
            </p>
            <p>
            	Style the header and footer so that none of the body&rsquo;s background image shows through them. Use margins,
              padding, borders, line height, letter spacing, fonts, and colors to make the pages look &ldquo;good.&rdquo;
            </p>
          </li>
        </ol>
      </div>
      <h2>
        Submit The Assignment
      </h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
        <p>
          Before you submit the assignment, be sure you perform the following four tests:
        </p>
          <ol>
            <li>
              <h5>Publish your page and all the style sheets to the server&rsquo;s document root</h5>
              <p class="run_in">Verify that everything looks right.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
              <h5>
                Perform a link check on your site to make sure there are no mistakes due to capitalization problems.
              </h5>
              <p class="runin">
                (Remember, you checked the "case-sensitive link checking" option when setting up your site.) Right click
                on the site folder in Dreamweaver, and select &ldquo;check links&rdquo;. If there are any problems, they
                will show up in a separate window. Fix them and do another check until there are no problems left.
              </p>
            </li>
            <li>
              <h5>Validate the XHTML.</h5>
              <p>
                You should have been looking at the TIDY and Firebug icons in the Firefox status bar as you were testing
                your code to be sure they both are green circles with white checkmarks inside them. Now, click on the
                XHTML link in the footer of your web page to get a full W3C validation check. Fix any warnings (or
                errors) that the validator reports.
              </p>
            </li>
            <li>
              <h5>Validate the CSS.</h5>
              <p class="runin">
                Once the XTML validates successfully, check the CSS using the other link in the footer of your page.
                Again, fix any warnings or errors that the validator reports.
              </p>
            </li>
          </ol>
        <p>
          A final check before you submit your assigment is to view the page using Internet Explorer instead of Firefox
          to make sure there are no problems when using that browser. You should also check the page using Opera and
          Safari. You may ignore minor differences, but correct any big discrepancies.
        </p>
        <p>
          Once you have completely tested and fixed your web page, send me an email message telling me it is ready for
          me to review.  I will get a copy of your entire site from the copy of your profile that is saved on <span
          class="computerName">maple</span>, so there is no need to tell me which computer you were working on. Just
          tell me that the site is ready for me to look at.
        </p>
        <p>
          Send your email to me by midnight of the due date. My email address is: <span class="emailAddress
          codeBlock">vickery at babbage.cs.qc.edu</span>.
        </p>
        <p class="standout_block">
          <strong>You must use exactly this Subject line for your email to be sure I actually receive it:</strong> <span
          class="codeBlock">CS-081 Assignment 4</span>. (Include the "CS-081" part in the subject line of <em>all</em>
          messages you send to me this semester.)
        </p>
        <p>
          If you do not receive an &ldquo;OK, I&rsquo;ll check it out!&rdquo; reply from me within a day or two of
          submitting the assignment, it means I did not receive it. But I will be sending that acknowledgement manually,
          so don&rsquo;t resubmit the assignment until I have had a chance to reply to the first one.
        </p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      <p class="links">
        <a href="../../../index.xhtml">Vickery Home Page</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
           href="..">CS-081 Home Page</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
           href=".">Fall 2007 Course Page</a><br/>
        <a
           href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
           href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a>
      </p>
      <p>
        <em>Last updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])); ?>.</em>
      </p>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
