<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if (  array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator")
      )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>CS-081 Assignment 2</title>
    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
              type="text/css"
              media="all"
              href="../../css/style-all.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
              type="text/css"
              media="screen"
              href="../../css/style-screen.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
              type="text/css"
              media="print"
              href="../../css/style-print.css" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id="header">
      <h1>
        CS-081 Assignment 2
      </h1>
    </div>
    <div id="content">
      <h2>
        Introduction
      </h2>
      <div  class="whitebox">
        <p>
          For this assignment you are to set up your web site for the course in the lab and to create a text-only web
          page, using CSS to manage the page&rsquo;s appearance.
        </p>
      </div>
      <h2>
        The Assignment
      </h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
        <ol>
          <li>
            <h5>Check your account setup in the lab.</h5>
            <p class="runin">
              If you have not already done so, follow the instructions in <a
              href="Assignment_01.xhtml">Assignment 1</a> for logging into your account in the lab.
            </p>
            <p>
              Each computer in the lab has a file named <span class="fileName">template.xhtml</span> in the web
              server&rsquo;s <span class="techTerm" title="The disk directory that contains a web site.">document
              root</span>, <span class="pathName">C:\htdocs</span>. This file contains boilerplate code for
              properly-structured web pages, including the DOCTYPE for XHTML&nbsp;1.1 and basic tags for the contents of
              a web page that has three sections (<span class="tagName">div</span> tags): a &ldquo;header&rdquo;, a
              &ldquo;content&rdquo; section, and a &ldquo;footer.&rdquo; By default the header should hold an <span
              class="tagName">h1</span> tag for the page&rsquo;s title; the footer is a place to put the &ldquo;little
              stuff&rdquo; that often goes at the bottom of a page, like copyright information (we use it for links to
              the W3C validators); and the content section is where the actual content of the page goes. There are no
              strict rules about these three sections, but they can provide a convenient starting point for setting up
              your pages&rsquo; structure.  </p>
            <p>
              Copy <span class="fileName">template.xhtml</span> to the <span
              class="directoryName">My&nbsp;Website</span> folder that should already be present under
              the <span class="directoryName">My&nbsp;Documents</span> directory for your account. Rename
              it to <span
              class="fileName">index.xhtml</span>. The Apache servers in the lab are configured to use
              your <span class="directoryName">My&nbsp;Website</span> directory as a secondary document
              root that can be accessed when you are logged into your account using &ldquo;tilde notation.&rdquo; For
              example, if your account name is <span class="variableName">astudent81</span>, and you
              are logged the computer named <span class="computerName">ginkgo</span>, the URL <span 
              class="URL">http://ginkgo.cs.qc.edu/~astudent81</span> (or <span
              class="URL">http://ginkgo.cs.qc.edu/~astudent81/</span>) would refer to the contents
              of your <span class="directoryName">My Website</span> directory.
            </p>
            <p>
              Verify that the URLs <span class="URL">http://ginkgo.cs.qc.edu/template.xhtml</span> and <span
              class="URL">http://ginkgo.cs.qc.edu/~astudent81</span> both show the same thing when you open them in a
              web browser (assuming your account name is <span class="variableName">astudent81</span> and you are logged
              into <span class="computerName">ginkgo</span>).
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <h5>Set up your web site using <span class="programName">Dreamweaver</span>.</h5>
            <p class="runin">
              Open <span class="programName">Dreamweaver</span> (there should be an icon on your desktop: a green circle
              with a white 'd' in the middle), and select <span class="menuItem">New&nbsp;Site</span> from the <span
              class="menuName">Site</span> menu. This will bring up a big panel with tabs named &ldquo;Basic&rdquo; and
              &ldquo;Advanced;&rdquo; select the Advanced tab, and enter a name for your web site in the &ldquo;Site
              name:&rdquo; text box. (You can use any name you like for your site, but it should be something
              meaningful, such as &ldquo;My CS-081 Web Site.&rdquo;) Browse to your <span
              class="directoryName">My&nbsp;Website</span> directory to fill in the &ldquo;Local root folder:&rdquo;
              box. To fill in the &ldquo;Default images folder:&rdquo; text box, browse to <span
              class="directoryName">My&nbsp;Website</span> again, create a new directory named <span
              class="directoryName">images</span> there, and select it. Be sure to select the &ldquo;Links relative to
              document&rdquo; and &ldquo;Case-sensitive links&rdquo; options.  The other settings on this pane are not
              important: you can clear the &ldquo;HTTP address:&rdquo; field and leave the Cache option checked.
            </p>
            <p>
              Go to the &ldquo;Remote Info&rdquo; category and set set the Access value to &ldquo;Local/Network&rdquo;.
              Make the &ldquo;Remote folder:&rdquo; be <span class="codeSnippet">C:\htdocs\</span>. Be sure the
              &ldquo;Maintain synchronization&rdquo; option is checked, and that the other two options are not checked.
            </p>
            <p>
              Once you click your way out of the site setup wizard, the files panel on the right should show your site
              using green folders. You should now be able to click on your <span class="fileName">index.xhtml</span>
              file to open it up in <span class="programName">Dreamweaver&rsquo;s</span> editing pane. In the top left
              corner of this pane you will see three buttons, labelled &ldquo;Code,&rdquo; &ldquo;Split,&rdquo; and
              &ldquo;Design.&rdquo; Click on the Code button: the Design and Split views are not reliable enough to use
              in this course.
            </p>
            <p>
              There is a box where you can type in the web page&rsquo;s title next to the Design button. Type in a
              meaningful title for your web site&rsquo;s home page. For maximum browser compatibility, I suggest you
              don&rsquo;t use any punctuation symbols in the title. When you type Enter, you will see that the <span
              class="tagName">title</span> tag in the document updates with the the title you entered.
            </p>
              
            <p>
              Now change the contents of the <span class="tagName">h1</span> element in the template to match the web
              page&rsquo;s title. (The title appears in the browser&rsquo;s title bar; the heading appears as part of
              the page&rsquo;s content in the web page itself.) Normally, you should make the top-level heading match
              the page title, but because the heading will appear as part of the web page, you might want to add some
              punctuation symbols, such as an apostrophe. Note: if you do put an apostrophe in your page heading (such
              as &ldquo;A Student&rsquo;s Home Page,&rdquo; you have to use an HTML character entity to get it to
              display reliably. The character entity for an apostrophe is <span class="codeSnippet">&amp;rsquo;</span>
              (which stands for &ldquo;right single quote.&rdquo;) We went over character entities in class; check your
              notes if you are not clear on this. The topic is not covered in the textbook, but there are web sites that
              can help, such as <a href="http://www.sitepoint.com/article/guide-web-character-encoding">this SitePoint
              article</a>. That article suggests not using character entities because they are a bother to type, but I
              recommend that you <em>do</em> use them for two reasons: (1) With Dreamweaver&rsquo;s code assistance they
              are actually easy to remember and easy to type, and (2) character entities are never wrong, but character
              repertoirs and encodings can easily go wrong. As long as you use a good programmer&rsquo;s editor (such as
              the code editor in <span class="programName">Dreamweaver</span> or <span
              class="programName">Notepad++</span>) your web pages should show the characters you type correctly. But if
              you want your text to look good by using typographically correct quotation symbols, for example, use
              character entities.
            </p>

            <p>
              Now you are ready to test your site setup. Be sure to save your web page to disk (type Control-S), open
              Firefox, and browse to <span class="URL">http://&lt;computer&gt;.cs.qc.edu/~&lt;accountname&gt;/</span>
              (use the correct computer name and account name), and you should see your web page with your new title in
              the browser&rsquo;s title bar and your new heading in the browser window. If not, fix the problem before
              proceeding.
            </p>

            <p>
              Next, browse to <span class="URL">http://&lt;computer&gt;.cs.qc.edu/</span>, which is the document root of
              your testing server. At this point you should see either a directory listing of <span
              class="dirctoryName">C:\htdocs</span> or somebody else&rsquo;s web page because you have not
              &ldquo;published&rdquo; your web page to the testing server yet. To publish your page, right-click on it
              in the Files panel, and select the &ldquo;Put&rdquo; option. Alternatively, you can click on the blue Put
              button in the Files panel&rsquo;s tool bar. Reload the browser window (Control-R), and your web page
              should now show up.
            </p>

          </li>
          
          <li>
          <h5>Add dummy content to your web page.</h5>
          <p class="runin">
            Substitute the following for the contents of the &ldquo;content&rdquo; <span class="tagName">div</span> of
            your page: Get ten paragraphs of dummy text from <a href="http://lipsum.com">Lipsum.com</a> and paste them
            below the <span class="tagName">h2</span> heading that is already there. Surround each paragraph with
            &lt;p&gt; and &lt;/p&gt; tags so they don&rsquo;t all run together when displayed in a browser window. Go
            back to Lipsom.com and get four sentences of dummy text. Use the first sentence as the content of the
            existing level-2 heading, insert the second sentence as a second level-2 heading between the third and fouth
            paragraphs, and insert the other two as level-3 headings between any two pairs of paragraphs that follow the
            second level-2 heading. Your document structure should end up looking something like this:
          </p>
          <div class="codeBlock">
&lt;html&gt;
  &lt;head&gt;
    &lt;title&gt; &hellip; &lt;/title&gt;
  &lt;/head&gt;
  &lt;body&gt;
    &lt;div id="heading"&gt;
      &lt;h1&gt; &hellip; &lt;/h1&gt;
    &lt;/div&gt;
    &lt;div id="content"&gt;
      &lt;h2&gt; &hellip; &lt;/h2&gt;
      &lt;p&gt; &hellip; &lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;p&gt; &hellip; &lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;p&gt; &hellip; &lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;h2&gt; &hellip; &lt;/h2&gt;
      &lt;p&gt; &hellip; &lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;h3&gt; &hellip; &lt;/h3&gt;
      &lt;p&gt; &hellip; &lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;p&gt; &hellip; &lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;p&gt; &hellip; &lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;h3&gt; &hellip; &lt;/h3&gt;
      &lt;p&gt; &hellip; &lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;p&gt; &hellip; &lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;p&gt; &hellip; &lt;/p&gt;
     &lt;/div&gt;
    &lt;div id="footer"&gt;
      &hellip;
    &lt;/div&gt;
  &lt;/body&gt;
&lt;/html&gt;
          </div>
          <p class="standoutBox">
            The structure above uses indentation to show the containment relationship among the XHTML tags. The <span
            class="tagName">html</span> tag contains the <span class="tagName">head</span> and the <span
            class="tagName">body</span>, the <span class="tagName">head</span> contains the <span
            class="tagName">title</span>, etc. But notice that the logical structure of the text is not the same as the
            structure of the XHTML nodes: the paragraphs are not contained by the headings, and the third-level headings
            are not contained inside the second-level headings in any way. A new web standard, HTML 5, is being
            considered that would add tags that can be used to give <a
            href="http://www.whatwg.org/specs/web-apps/current-work/#headings0">a more meaningful outline structure</a>
            to documents.
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <h5>Add a style sheet to your web page.</h5>
          <p class="runin">
            The <span class="fileName">template.xhtml</span> file has a link in the head to a stylesheet. The stylesheet
            might be named either <span class="pathName">css/style-all.css</span> or just <span
            class="pathName">css/all.css</span> depending on which computer you happen to get it from. (I like the
            shorter form a little better, but the name doesn&rsquo;t really matter much.) Use <span
            class="programName">Dreamweaver&rsquo;s</span> <span class="menuItem">File-&gt;New</span> menu item (Control-N)
            to create a new CSS file (select it from the choices under &ldquo;Blank Page&rdquo;), and type the following
            rule into it:
          </p>
<div class="code_block">
html, body {
  margin:           0;
  padding:          0;
  background-color: red;
  color:            white;
  }
</div>
          <p>
            When you save the file, you will need to create a <span class="directoryName">css</span> directory under
            <span class="directoryName">My&nbsp;WebSite</span>, and save your stylesheet there. Try your web page using
            the tilde URL, publish your site to the testing server, and try it there. Make sure the page comes up in all
            its gaudy glory using both URLs!
          </p>

        </li>
        <li>
          <h5>Look at an example of a web page with alternate style sheets.</h5>
          <p class="runin">
            My home page (<a href="http://babbage.cs.qc.edu">http://babbage.cs.qc.edu</a>) now has three alternate style
            sheets attached to it. Browse to it using Firefox, and use the <span class="menuItem">View-&gt;Page
            Style</span> menu to try the three alternate style sheets.  As their names indicate (&ldquo;Sizes in
            percentages,&rdquo; &ldquo;Sizes in ems,&rdquo; and &ldquo;Sizes in pixels&rdquo;), each one uses a
            different unit of measure for the sizes of the text, picture, and boxes. Select each sheet and observe what
            happens when you change the size of the text (use the Control_+ and Control_- keys) and/or the size and
            shape of your browser window.  </p> <p>Unfortunately, Safari and Internet Explorer do not let you use
            alternate style sheets, but Opera does. Start Opera (the red 'O' icon) and use it see the effects of the
            alternate sheets using that browser. Changing the text size in Opera is awkward: the keyboard shortcuts make
            the size jump to plus or minus 100% (I&rsquo;m not sure what they mean by minus 100%!), and you have to use
            the <span class="menuItem">View-&gt;Zoom</span> menu to change things in smaller increments.
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <h5>Create three style sheets for your home page and test them.</h5>
          <p class="runin">
            Using the information on pages 48-60 of the textbook as a guide, create three different appearances for your
            web page: a &ldquo;standard&rdquo; appearance, using rules in <span class="fileName">all.css</span>, and two
            alternates. You can look at the source code for my home page to see how to set up the <span
            class="tagName">link</span> tags for the stylesheets. You are free to use whatever <span
            class="propertyName">background-color</span> and <span class="propertyName">color</span> values for the
            <span class="tagName">html</span>, <span class="tagName">body</span>, and <span class="tagName">div</span>
            elements of the three sheets that you want, but each stylesheet must use a different color scheme. Then apply
            different values for the following properties for the h1, h2, h3, and p elements: </p>
          <ul>
            <li>font-family</li>
            <li>font-size</li>
            <li>font-weight</li>
            <li>text-align</li>
            <li>line-height</li>
            <li>color</li>
            <li>background-color</li>
          </ul>
          <p>
            Try to make the three views of the page look as different from each other as possible while making each view
            look internally consistent. For example, you might use sans-serif fonts for the headings and serif for the
            paragraphs in one sheet, and reverse that arrangement in another one.
          </p>
        </li>
        </ol>
      </div>
      <h2>
        Submit The Assignment
      </h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
        <p>
          Before you submit the assignment, be sure you perform the following four tests:
        </p>
          <ol>
            <li>
              <h5>Publish your page and all the style sheets to the server&rsquo;s document root</h5>
              <p class="run_in">Verify that everything looks right.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
              <h5>
                Perform a link check on your site to make sure there are no mistakes due to capitalization problems.
              </h5>
              <p class="runin">
                (Remember, you checked the "case-sensitive link checking" option when setting up your site.) Right click
                on the site folder in Dreamweaver, and select &ldquo;check links&rdquo;. If there are any problems, they
                will show up in a separate window. Fix them and do another check until there are no problems left.
              </p>
            </li>
            <li>
              <h5>Validate the XHTML.</h5>
              <p>
                You should have been looking at the TIDY and Firebug icons in the Firefox status bar as you were testing
                your code to be sure they both are green circles with white checkmarks inside them. Now, click on the
                XHTML link in the footer of your web page to get a full W3C validation check. Fix any warnings (or
                errors) that the validator reports.
              </p>
            </li>
            <li>
              <h5>Validate the CSS.</h5>
              <p class="runin">
                Once the XTML validates successfully, check the CSS using the other link in the footer of your page.
                Again, fix any warnings or errors that the validator reports.
              </p>
            </li>
          </ol>
        <p>
          A final check before you submit your assigment is to view the page using Internet Explorer instead of Firefox
          to make sure there are no problems when using that browser. You should also check the page using Opera and
          Safari. You may ignore minor differences, but correct any big discrepancies.
        </p>
        <p>
          Once you have completely tested and fixed your web page, send me an email message telling me it is ready for
          me to review.  I will get a copy of your entire site from the copy of your profile that is saved on <span
          class="computerName">maple</span>, so there is no need to tell me which computer you were working on. Just
          tell me that the site is ready for me to look at.
        </p>
        <p>
          Send your email to me by midnight of the due date. My email address is: <span class="emailAddress
          codeBlock">vickery at babbage.cs.qc.edu</span>.
        </p>
        <p class="standout_block">
          <strong>You must use exactly this Subject line for your email to be sure I actually receive it:</strong> <span
          class="codeBlock">CS-081 Assignment 2</span>. (Include the "CS-081" part in the subject line of <em>all</em>
          messages you send to me this semester.)
        </p>
        <p>
          If you do not receive an &ldquo;OK, I&rsquo;ll check it out!&rdquo; reply from me within a day or two of
          submitting the assignment, it means I did not receive it. But I will be sending that acknowledgement manually,
          so don&rsquo;t resubmit the assignment until I have had a chance to reply to the first one.
        </p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      <p class="links">
        <a href="../../../index.xhtml">Vickery Home Page</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
           href="..">CS-081 Home Page</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
           href=".">Fall 2007 Course Page</a><br/>
        <a
           href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
           href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a>
      </p>
      <p>
        <em>Last updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])); ?>.</em>
      </p>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
