<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if (  array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator")
      )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>CS-081 Assignment 1</title>
    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
              type="text/css"
              media="all"
              href="../../css/style-all.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
              type="text/css"
              media="screen"
              href="../../css/style-screen.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
              type="text/css"
              media="print"
              href="../../css/style-print.css" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id="header">
      <h1>CS-081 Assignment 1</h1>
    </div>
    <div id="content">
      <h2>Introduction</h2>
      <div  class="whitebox">
        <p>In class and in the textbook you have heard and seen some important guidelines to
          &ldquo;best practices&rdquo; in coding web pages: the use of a DOCTYPE to identify the version
          of (X)HTML used, use of XHTML to mark up the page&rsquo;s content according to its meaning rather
          than its appearance, the use of CSS to manage appearance, and the importance of writing well-structured
          code so that it will be easy to change and extend in the future. For this assignment, you are to
          look at the code on several web sites and to evaluate how well it measures up. We&rsquo;ll use
          my homepage, the department&rsquo;s home page, the college&rsquo; home page, and the university&rsquo;s
          home page as the working
          set for this assignment, but you are free to add others to the list if you would like to.</p>
        <p>&ldquo;But how,&rdquo; I hear you ask,
          &ldquo;do I look at a web site&rsquo;s code?&rdquo; The answer is quite simple: all web browsers
          have an option for looking at the web page being viewed. For example, if you are looking at a site
          by using <span class="programName">Internet Explorer</span>, you use the <span class="menuItem">View</span> menu,
          and select the <span class="mentItem">Source</span> item. But we&rsquo;ll be using the &ldquo;web
          developer&rsquo;s browser, &rdquo; <span
          class="programName">Firefox</span>, in this course &mdash; which gives us some better options.
          You can invoke the View Source option in by typing <span class="keyCode">Control-U</span>, but
          there are two free add-ons for <span class="programName">Firefox</span> that will help a lot; both
          are already installed in the computers in the lab, but if you want to install <span
          class="programName">Firefox</span> on your own computer, you can use the following links:</p>
        <ul>
          <li><a href="http://www.mozilla.com/en-US/firefox/">The <span class="programName">Firefox</span> Browser</a> (mozilla.org)</li>
          <li><a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/249">The <span class="programName">HTML
                Tidy</span> Add-on</a></li>
          <li><a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/1843">The <span class="programName">Firebug</span> Add-on</a></li>
        </ul>
        <p>All this software is free and (despite a confusing comment to the contrary on the <span
          class="programName">TIDY</span> web page) available for Windows, Linux, and OS X (Macintosh) systems.
          When <span class="programName">Firefox</span> re-starts after installing <span
          class="programName">TIDY</span>, you will be asked to pick from one of three modes: pick the right-hand
          one, (&ldquo;serial&rdquo;).</p>
        <h3>Accessing Your Lab Account</h3>
        <div class="whitebox">
          <p>You may do this assignment either using either a computer in the lab or any other one. If you decide to use
            your lab account, here is basic information you need to do so:</p>
          <p>You can log into any one of the computers in SB room A-205 or A-227 using your account name
            for this course, which consists of your last name followed by the digits
            &ldquo;81&rdquo; all as a single lower-case string. Use the password &ldquo;81&rdquo;; you will
            be required to change it to something secure the first time you log in.</p>
          <p>The names of the computers are:</p>
          <table  summary="Lists of computer names in A-205 and A-227." id="computers">
            <tr> <th>A-205</th>     <th>A-227</th>    </tr>
            <tr> <td>birch</td>     <td>apple</td>    </tr>
            <tr> <td>cherry</td>    <td>fir</td>      </tr>
            <tr> <td>chestnut</td>  <td>juniper</td>  </tr>
            <tr> <td>elm</td>       <td>mimosa</td>   </tr>
            <tr> <td>ginkgo</td>    <td>peach</td>    </tr>
            <tr> <td>hemlock</td>   <td>pine</td>     </tr>
            <tr> <td>hickory</td>   <td>plum</td>     </tr>
            <tr> <td>&nbsp;</td>    <td>spruce</td>   </tr>
            <tr> <td>&nbsp;</td>    <td>sycamore</td> </tr>
            <tr> <td>&nbsp;</td>    <td>walnut</td>   </tr>
          </table>
          <p>Room 205 is an &ldquo;open lab,&rdquo; which means you can use the computers there any time
            you want. The secretaries in the CS Department Office (A-202) will open the lab for you if it
            is closed. Room 227 is a closed lab, so you will not be able to sit at the computers in that
            room to use them. However, all of the computers are accessible from the Internet. If you have
            access to a computer running Windows XP or Vista with a broadband connection, you can use <span class="programName">Remote
            Desktop </span> to log in. From the <span class="menuItem">Start</span> button, go to <span class="menuItem">Programs</span>,
            to <span
                class="menuItem">Accessories</span>, to <span
                class="menuItem">Communications</span>, and you will find it. When it asks you what computer
            you want to connect to, pick one of the names above and add the domain name
            &ldquo;.cs.qc.edu&rdquo; to the computer name. For example, you would log into <span class="computerName">ginkgo</span> by
            entering <span class="computerName">ginkgo.cs.qc.edu</span>.</p>
          <p>If you are using a Macintosh, OS X comes with a Remote Desktop program you can use in the same
            way as the Windows version. Under preferences, be sure to set a screen size and resolution to
            match your computer&rsquo;s screen. The default value is very low resolution, making it difficult
            to use.</p>
          <p>There an open source version of Remote Desktop at <a
                href="http://www.rdesktop.org">www.rdesktop.org</a> that might be useful if you are running
            Linux. But I have had no experience with it.</p>
          <p class="standoutBlock">When you use Remote Desktop, select one of the computers in A-227 so that
            students who are on campus will be able to use the computers in A-205. Only one person can use a computer at a time, so if
            the computer you try is occupied, just try another one until you find one that is available.</p>
        </div>
      </div>
      <h2>The Assignment</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
        <p>Browse to the following four web sites and answer the questions below about each one:</p>
        <ul>
          <li><a href="http://www.cuny.edu">www.cuny.edu</a></li>
          <li><a href="http://www.qc.cuny.edu">www.qc.cuny.edu</a></li>
          <li><a href="http://www.cs.qc.cuny.edu">www.cs.qc.cuny.edu</a></li>
          <li><a href="http://babbage.cs.qc.cuny.edu">babbage.cs.qc.cuny.edu</a> (Note, there is no &ldquo;www&rdquo; in this URL.)</li>
        </ul>
        <p>Remember, you are free to add other pages to this list, including more &ldquo;interesting&rdquo; ones from babbage!</p>
        <h3>Questions</h3>
        <div class="whitebox">
          <ol>
            <li>How many HTML validation errors are there?
              <p>If you are using Firefox/TIDY, you can just let your mouse hover over the icon in the right part of the status bar at the bottom of the
                browser to get the answer to this. Otherwise, browse to <a href="http://validator.w3.org/">The W3C HTML Validator</a>, and enter the URL
                there to find out.</p>
            </li>
            <li>How many CSS validation errors are there?
              <p>For this, you will have to go to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/">W3C CSS Validator</a> and enter the URL. My home
                page (like this one), has a link at the bottom that will do this for you.</p>
            </li>
            <li>From what the textbook says, how serious is the missing DOCTYPE error on the department and college web sites? And how hard do you
              think it would be to fix this problem?
            </li>
            <li>Look at the source code for each web page and describe an instance where you see <span class="techTerm"
              title="Appearance of the content.">presentation</span> is mixed in
              with the <span class="techTerm" title="Information about the meaning of the contents.">content
              markup</span> of the page. Tell what you would do to fix the problem.
            </li>
            <li>Evaluate the use of class names (that is, the value of a tag&rsquo;s <span
              class="attributeName">class</span> attribute) according to the guidelines given on page 19
              of the textbook. Try to find one instance of a poor class name on each site, and suggest a
              better name.
            </li>
          </ol>
        </div>
      </div>
      <h2>Submit The Assignment</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
        <p><strong>Write your name</strong> and your answers to the questions in an email message.  I
        read email as text only, so there is no point in formatting your answers with special font
        effects, etc. Please paste your answers into the body of your message instead of sending
        an attachment.</p>
        <p>Send your email to me by midnight of the due date using an email account that you use
        regularly.  I will add that email address to a mailing list for the course.  The mailing list
        will be used for occasional announcements during the semester. My email address is:</p>
        <address>vickery at babbage.cs.qc.edu</address>
        <p><strong>You must use exactly this Subject line for your email to be sure I actually receive
        it:</strong> <span class="codeBlock">CS-081 Assignment 1</span>. In fact, include the "CS-081"
        part in the subject line of <em>all</em> messages you send to me this semester.</p>
        <p>If you do not receive an &ldquo;OK, I&rsquo;ll check it out&rdquo; reply from me within a day
        or two of submitting the assignment, it means I did not receive it.  But I will be sending that
        acknowledgement manually, so don&rsquo;t resubmit the assignment until I have had a chance to
        reply to the first one.</p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
      <p class="links">
        <a href="../../../index.xhtml">Vickery Home Page</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        	 href="..">CS-081 Home Page</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
           href=".">Fall 2007 Course Page</a><br/><a
           href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
           href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a>
      </p>
      <p>
        <em>Last updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])); ?>.</em>
      </p>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
