<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if (  array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml") ||
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator")
      )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
          "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>  
    <title>Final Exam Topics</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="all" href="../../css/style-all.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="screen" href="../../css/style-screen.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="print" href="../../css/style-print.css" />
  </head>
  <body>

    <div id="header">
      <h1>Final Exam Topics</h1>
    </div>
    <div id="content">
      <h2>Reading Material</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
        <p>
          Since the midterm exam, we have covered the material in chapters 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, and 9. There is some
          material in each chapter that was not covered, and some of the material in those chapters was covered on the
          midterm and will not be tested again. But you need to review it all.
        </p>
        <p>
          Much of the emphasis on the exam will be on how well you learned the concepts involved in the projects. So you
          you should review the assignment web pages and your code for each assignment as well.
        </p>
        <p>
          At the end of the semester we spent some time going over client-side scripting (JavaScript), and there is an
          <a href="Assignment_07.xhtml">optional JavaScript project</a> that you need to study even if you do not
          actually do that project. The only written material on JavaScript that we used was my <a
          href="../Javascript_Tutorial">JavaScript Tutorial</a>.
        </p>
      </div>
      <h2>Topic List</h2>
      <div class="whitebox">
        <p class="standoutBox">
          There is no guarantee that these are the only topics that will be on the exam, but it should be quite complete.
          Paying attention to these items should help focus your study time in a helpful way.
        </p>
        <ul>
          <li>
            <h5>Site structure and management.</h5>
            <p class="runin">
              You should be familiar with the use and purposes of the <span class="directoryName">css </span>, <span
              class="directoryName">image </span>, and <span class="directoryName">script </span> directories in a web
              site. You should understand the reason for case-sensitive link checking, how to perform a case-sensitive
              link check on a site, and how to fix any problems found during the link-check operation.
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <h5>Text and Link Formatting.</h5>
            <p class="runin">
            	Text effects: underline, overline, strike-through, small-caps, letter-spacing, line-height.
            </p>
            <p>
              Formatting links: the <span class="variableName">:hover</span> and <span 
              class="variableName">:visited</span> pseudo-classes to specify alternate background images and colors.
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <h5>Images.</h5>
            <p class="runin">
              How to use the <span class="tagName">img</span> tag to insert images into a web page, and
              how to use the <span class="attributeName">src</span> and <span class="attributeName">alt</span> attributes.
            </p>
            <p>
              How to use CSS to include a background image for any element of a web page, and the
              related background image properties: <span class="propertyName">repeat</span> and <span 
              class="propertyName">position</span>. How to use background images to give rounded corners to boxes.How to
              use the <span class="propertyName">left</span> property to create a faux column effect.
            </p>
            <p>
              You should know what the <span class="techTerm">intrinsic size</span> of an image is, and how to use CSS
              to control the actual size of an image. You should know when it would be appropriate to use <span 
              class="techTerm">em</span> as the unit of measure for an image (Assignment 5).
            </p>
            <p>
              You also need to know how to control the resolution and intrinsic size of an image in order to control the
              size of an image file, and why doing so is important. You should know what types of images JPEG, PNG, and
              GIF file formats are most appropriate for. You should know about transparency and gradients, and how they
              can be used to create visual effects for backgrounds.
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <h5>Tables.</h5>
            <p class="runin">
              The use of the <span class="tagName">table</span>, <span class="tagName">tr</span>, <span 
              class="tagName">td</span>, and <span class="tagName">th</span> tags to construct a table; using the
              <span class="attributeName">colspan</span> and <span class="attributeName">rowspan</span> attributes to
              create merged cells.
            </p>
            <p>
              We did not have an assignment that used tables, so I do not expect you to know anything more about
              applying styles to the elements of a table beyond the general information you know about formatting any
              any other box element on a page.
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <h5>Page Layout.</h5>
            <p class="runin">
              Using CSS to turn a list into a horizontal menu. How to use the <span class="attributeName">float</span>,
              <span class="attributeName">clear</span>, and <span class="attributeName">position</span> CSS properties to
              manage the position of boxes on the page.
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <h5>Forms.</h5>
            <p class="runin">
              The use of <span class="tagName">form</span>, <span class="tagName">fieldset</span>,
              <span class="tagName">legend</span>, <span class="tagName">input</span>, <span class="tagName">select</span>,
              <span class="tagName">textarea</span>, and <span class="tagName">label</span> tags to create a form.
              The use of the <span class="attributeName">type</span> attribute to create
              text fields, passwords, radio buttons, checkboxes, and submit buttons.
            </p>
            <p>
              The use of the <span class="attributeName">for</span> and <span class="attributeName">id</span> attributes
              to match labels with input elements; the purpose of labels.
            </p>
            <p>
              The use of <span class="attributeName">name</span> and <span class="attributeName">value</span>
              attributes and how they relate to the submission of form data. The use of square brackets in name
              values when submitting a form to a PHP script. The r&ocirc;le of the <span class="attributeName">name</span>
              attribute in creating radio button groups.
            </p>
            <p>
              The use of <span class="tagName">option</span> tags in <span class="tagName">select</span> elements; the 
              difference between single and
              multiple <span class="tagName">select</span> items, and how to specify the two options.              
            </p>
            <p>
              The <span class="attributeName">method</span> and <span class="attributeName">action</span> attributes in
              <span class="tagName">form</span> tags. The difference between the GET and POST methods, and the reason
              for choosing each.
            </p>
            <p>
              Using CSS to lay out a form.
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <h5>JavaScript</h5>
            <p class="runin">
            	Variables, Arrays, and Objects. Strings, numbers and references. Assignment statements. Function definitions,
              Function references, and Function invocations (calls). Return values. <span class="keyword">if-else</span>
              statements. Using <span class="tagName">script</span> tags to link to JavaScript code. Events and event
              handler functions.
            </p>
            <p>
            	The relationship between the DOM, a web page, and JavaScript.
            </p>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </div>
    </div>  
    <div id="footer">
      <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
         href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
