<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if ( (array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml"))
       ||
       (array_key_exists("HTTP_USER_AGENT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator"))
     )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
          "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>

    <title>CS-081 Assignment 3</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="../../css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/style-print.css"
    />        
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/assignments.css"
    />    
  </head>

  <body>

    <div id="header">
      <h1>
        CS-081 Assignment 3
      </h1>
    </div>

    <div id="content">
      <h2>Introduction</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          This assignment is to start working with stylesheets to alter the appearance of your web pages. There are three main aspects of a page&rsquo;s
          appearance that you can control with CSS: colors and backgrounds, typography, and geopmetry (layout). For this assignment, you are to work only
          with colors and backgrounds. We&rsquo;ll work on the others in future assignments.
        </p>
      </div>
      
      <h2>The Assignment</h2>
      <div>
        <ol>
          <li>
            <h5>Create a stylesheet directory for your web site.</h5>
            <p>
              Create a directory to hold all the stylesheets for your web site. You can do this from within Dreamweaver by right-clicking on the
              site folder and selecting &ldquo;New Folder.&rdquo; The conventional name for this folder is <span class="directoryName">css</span>
              (lowercase letters), so unless you have a complelling reason for doing otherwise, you should use this name too.
            </p>
            <p class="standout_block">
              <strong>Remember that file and directory names are case-sensitive on most web servers, including the one I will be using when
              grading your assignment.</strong> If you use the name <span class="directoryName">css</span> for this directory (folder), be sure you
              capitalize it that way when you link to the stylesheets in it. If you capitalize it differently, capitalize your links accordingly.
              If you fail to match capitalization, your web pages will seem to work correctly in the lab (because Windows does not use case-sensitive
              file and directory names), but will fail when I look at them on <span class="computerName">babbage</span>, which is a Unix computer. You can
              check you have set up your links correctly using Dreamweaver&rsquo;s link-checking feature <a href="#link-check">described below</a>.
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <h5>Create a stylesheet for your site.</h5>
            <p>
              Create a new file in your <span class="directoryName">css</span> directory, and name it <span
              class="fileName">all-media.css</span>.  Create a <span class="tagName">link</span> to it in the <span
              class="tagName">head</span> element of your <span class="fileName">index.xhtml</span> file. (There are two
              of these; set up the link in one, and then copy it to the other.) The <span class="tagName">link</span>
              tag must have the following three attributes, and should also have the fourth one as well:
            </p>
            <ol class="level3outline">
            	<li>
              	<span class="attributeName">rel</span>&nbsp;&mdash;&nbsp;the
                value must be <span class="codeSnippet">"stylesheet"</span>.
              </li>
              <li>
                <span class="attributeName">type</span>&nbsp;&mdash;&nbsp;the value must be <span
                class="codeSnippet">"text/css"</span>.
              </li>
              <li>
                <span class="attributeName">href</span>&nbsp;&mdash;&nbsp;the value must be the relative path to your
                stylesheet. For the site index page, this will be <span
                class="codeSnippet">"./css/all-devices.css"</span>, and for the blog index page, it will be <span
                class="codeSnippet">"../css/all-devices.css"</span>. Note the difference between &ldquo;./css&rdquo; and
                &ldquo;../css&rdquo; in these two paths.
              </li>
              <li>
                <span class="attributeName">media</span>&nbsp;&mdash;&nbsp;the value should be <span
                class="codeSnippet">"all"</span> because this stylesheet is for all types of media.
              </li>
            </ol>
            <p>
            	Enter the following rule in your stylesheet:
            </p>
            <p class="code_block">
 body { background-color: black; color: white; }
            </p>
            <p>
            	If the stylesheet and links are set up correctly, both your main and blog pages should come up with white text on a black background,
            	You may need to refresh your browser (Ctrl-R) to see the effect. On Firefox, you might even have to hold the shift key while
              refreshing to get it to load the new stylesheet.
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
          	<h5>Use different colors for various elements of your web site and blog.</h5>
            <p>
            	You may use any colors you like, provided you satisfy the following requirements:
            </p>
            <ol class="level3outline">
            	<li>
              	All text must contrast with its background so that is can be read easily. I don&rsquo;t have to like your color choices, but I have to be
                able to read the text.
              </li>
              <li>
              	All color settings have to be done using rules you enter in <span class="fileName">all-media.css</span>. There will need to be some
                changes in the attributes of some of your web pages&rsquo; elements, but only those indicated below.
              </li>
              <li>
              	Your rules must demonstrate all of the five different ways of specifying colors (color names; rgb() percentages; rgb()
                numbers; six hexadecimal digits; three hexadecimal digits). Normally, a single consistent way of specifying colors would be the
                best practice, but this is a learning exercise. You get to pick which style you use where.
              </li>
              <li>
              	Pick a color other than black or white for the background of the entire web page. Check this setting in all browsers (Internet Explorer,
                Firefox, Safari, Opera, and optionally Chrome). If necessary, add the html tag name to the selector you use for this requirement.
              </li>
              <li>
              	Pick a color other than the page background color for all <span class="tagName">h1</span> elements in all your pages.
              </li>
              <li>
              	Give your blog entry list an <span class="attributeName">id</span> attribute, and give a different background color to this element.
              </li>
              <li>
              	Give all <span class="tagName">h2</span> elements that are inside the blog entry list a background color that is different from the
                background color of the whole list.
              </li>
              <li>
              	Give a <span class="attributeName">class</span> attribute to the dateline paragraph of each blog entry, and give all the datelines
                a background color that is different from the blog list background color.
              </li>
              <li>
              	Give the first paragraph of each blog entry a background color that is different from the other paragraphs in the entries.
              </li>
              <li>
              	Use a different background color for the <span class="tagName">div</span> containing the validation links at the bottom of each page.
              </li>
            </ol>
            <p>
            	Check your main and blog pages in all browsers to be sure they work everywhere.
            </p>
          </li>
          <li id="link-check">
            <h5>Check your links.</h5>
            In Dreamweaver, right-click on the root element of your web site, and a drop-down menu will appear that includes an item called
            <span class="menuItem">Check Links</span>. Select it, confirm that you want to check the entire site, and you will get a report of any
            broken links in your code. Assuming you have the &ldquo;case-sensitive link checking&rdquo; option checked for your site, the most common
            problem that will show up is if you somehow used different capitalization in your <span class="tagName">link</span> or <span
            class="tagName">a</span> elements and the actual file or directory names on the computer. In the lab, it&rsquo;s very hard to change the
            capitalization of a file or directory name<span class="superscript">1</span>, so the easiest way to fix any problems that show up is to
            change the capitalization in the links.
          </li>
          <li>
            <h5>Validate your code.</h5>
              Be sure you have all &ldquo;green circles&rdquo; in Firefox for both your site and blog home pages. Then have Dreamweaver do a link check
              on your whole site, and use the &ldquo;Put&rdquo; icon to copy your site to the remote server (actually, 
              <span class="directoryName">C:\htdocs</span> on the computer you are working on). View the web site&rsquo;s home page using your
              computer&rsquo;s host name
              in the URL (not &ldquo;localhost&rdquo;), and click on the XHTML link at the bottom of the page to be sure the W3C Validator gives it
              a big green &ldquo;congratuations&rdquo; bar. Repeat this check for the blog&rsquo;s index page too.
            <p>
              Now do the same for the CSS links at the bottom of each page.
            </p>
          </li>
        </ol>
      </div>

      <h2>Submit The Assignment</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          Because I will check your assignment by copying it from <span class="computerName">Maple</span> to <span class="computerName">Babbage</span>, all
          you have to do to submit the assignment is to send me an email saying you have finished it.
          Send your email to me by midnight on the due date (October 2). My email address
          is:
        </p>
          <address>Christopher.Vickery<span class="at" title="Change to @">AT</span>qc.cuny.edu</address>
        <p class="standout_block">
          The Subject Line of your email must say <span class="codeblock">CS-081&nbsp;Assignment&nbsp;3</span>,
          exactly like that, in order to avoid my spam filters.
        </p>
        <p>Be sure to sign your email so I know who sent it!</p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div id="footnotes">
      <p>1. You would have to rename the file or directory to something totally different from the original name, log off so the new name goes to
      the server, then log back in, and change the name to what you want, with the correct capitalization.</p>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">Last updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME']));
      ?>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="../../../">Vickery Home</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="../2008_09/.">Course Schedule</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="../../cs081">CSCI-081 Home Page</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
