<?php
  header("Vary: Accept");
  if ( (array_key_exists("HTTP_ACCEPT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_ACCEPT"], "application/xhtml+xml"))
       ||
       (array_key_exists("HTTP_USER_AGENT", $_SERVER) &&
        stristr($_SERVER["HTTP_USER_AGENT"], "W3C_Validator"))
     )
  {
    header("Content-type: application/xhtml+xml");
    header("Last-Modified: "
                    .gmdate('r',filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME'])));
    print("<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?>\n");
  }
  else
  {
    header("Content-type: text/html; charset=utf-8");
  }
 ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
          "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
  <head>

    <title>CS-081 Assignment 8</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../favicon.ico" />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/style-all.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="screen"
          href="../../css/style-screen.css"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="print"
          href="../../css/style-print.css"
    />        
    <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          media="all"
          href="../../css/assignments.css"
    />
  </head>

  <body>

    <div id="header">
      <h1>
        CS-081 Assignment 8
      </h1>
    </div>

    <div id="content">
      <h2>Introduction</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          For this assignment, you are to put it all together: in addition to practicing using forms, you are to fix up your web site so that it acts
          as a coherent site.
        </p>
      </div>
      
      <h2>The Assignment</h2>
      <div>
      	<ol>
        	<li>
          	<h5>Add a separate web page to your site with a &ldquo;contact&rdquo; form.</h5>
            <p class="run-in">
            	Create a new page by copying the <span class="fileName">template.xhtml</span> file provided at the beginning of the semester; name it
              <span class="fileName">contact.xhtml</span>, and put it in the top-level directory of your web site. Be sure to give it meaningful
              <span class="tagName">title</span> and <span class="tagName">h1</span> elements.
            </p>
            <p>
            	Your site should now have three pages: the index page for the site, the index page for the Blog, and the new contact page. Add the same
              unordered navigation list in all three pages if it is not already there. The list is to have links to the three pages in your site,
              plus links to the W3C XHTML and CSS validators.
            </p>
            <p>
            	Make sure all the links work. Do not worry about how the three pages on your site look yet.
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
          	<h5>Build the contact form.</h5>
            <p class="run-in">
            	Make an elaborate contact form that includes as many different form elements as you can, but make the form &ldquo;make sense.&rdquo;
              For example: use a text input for the user to enter his/her email address; use a password input; use a select for the subject of the
              message; use a textarea for the message body; use radio buttons to tell how urgent the message is; use checkboxes tell whether a reply is
              needed and whether to add the user to your mailing list; use a file input so the user can upload more information related to the message.
              These are suggestions; feel free to use the various elements for whatever you like.
            </p>
            <p>
            	Be sure you use <span class="tagName">label</span> elements for all the controls and that they are set up correctly.
            </p>
            <p>
            	Don&rsquo;t forget the Submit button!
            </p>
            <p>
            	Download <a href="../echo_form_data.php.zip">echo_form_data.zip</a> to your web site and unzip it there, which will give you a file named
              <span class="fileName">echo_form_data.php</span>. Use this file as the value of the <span class="attributeName">action</span>
              attribute of your <span class="tagName">form</span> tag. This is the script file that just displays the form data that it receives in a table.
              It will work with either
              the GET or POST <span class="attributeName">method</span>, so you may specify either value for that attribute of the 
              <span class="tagName">form</span> tag. Finally, to support the file upload feature (which the script does not do much with), you need
              to add the <span class="attributeName">enctype</span> attribute to the <span class="tagName">form</span> with the value of
              <span class="attributeValue">"multipart/form-data"</span>.
            </p>
            <p>
            	All controls in a form have to be nested inside some other element: use one or more <span class="tagName">fieldset</span> elements for this;
              add a <span class="tagName">legend</span> element to each fieldset.
            </p>
            <p>
            	Verify that the form works correctly. If it is too messy to work with at this stage, it is all right to do the next step and then to test
              your form.
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
          	<h5>Style the form.</h5>
            <p class="run-in">
            	Link your contact page to either the single stylesheet you have been using all along, and/or to a new stylsheet that is used just for
              the form. Use the <span class="attributeValue">table-cell</span> value for the <span class="attributeName">display</span> property of
              various elements to get the form laid out as two columns: one for labels and one for input elements. You will have to wrap each label
              and its corresponding control element inside another element, such as a <span class="tagName">span</span> or <span class="tagName">div</span>
              to make the pairs of &ldquo;cells&rdquo; go into separate table rows. Use background colors, borders, padding, and margins to make the
              form look good and to position it where you want it on the page.
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
          	<h5>Pimp Your Ride!</h5>
            <p	class="run-in">
            	OK, there&rsquo;s not much time for this, but see what you can do to give your whole web site a consistent look and feel. Make the
              navigation list and page heading look the same across all three pages for starters. Then do whatever else you can to show off your
              XHTML and CSS skills. As long as everything validates, you can use non-standard extensions like 
              <span class="attributeName">-moz-border-radius</span> and <span class="attributeName">-webkit-border-radius</span> if you like.
            </p>
          </li>
        </ol>
      </div>

      <h2>Submit The Assignment</h2>
      <div>
        <p>
          I will check your assignment by copying it from <span class="computerName">Maple</span> to <span class="computerName">Babbage</span>;
          to submit the assignment, send me an email with your name in the message body saying it is ready for me to look at.
          Send your email to me by midnight on the due date (December 16). My email address is:
        </p>
          <address>Christopher.Vickery<span class="at" title="Change to @">AT</span>qc.cuny.edu</address>
        <p class="standout_block">
          The Subject Line of your email must say <span class="codeblock">CS-081&nbsp;Assignment&nbsp;8</span>,
          exactly like that, in order to avoid my spam filters.
        </p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">Last updated <?php echo date("Y-m-d", filemtime($_SERVER['SCRIPT_FILENAME']));
      ?>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="../../../">Vickery Home</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="../2008_09/.">Course Schedule</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="../../cs081">CSCI-081 Home Page</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">XHTML</a>&nbsp;-&nbsp;<a
        href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer">CSS</a>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
